-Ma? -What is it, girl? -Did you ever--? -Girl, don't ask me anything I cannot answer. What's in those books? Get through school in one piece, have a pot to piss in, a window to throw it out of, and something left over when it's all said and done. Life goes on with or without you. Ma, did you stop having fun when you were my age or older? (mellow jazz music) I'm going, Ma. You're almost late again. You certainly don't take after me. (smooth jazz music) (rattling) (indistinct remarks) (footsteps) (paper rustling) Again, Rainbow? My dear, this is the third time this week. Feisty little devil, isn't she? I think her mother will be interested in just how feisty Ms. Rainbow Gold is. Anyway, I hope we don't end up in the book, and frankly I am sick of all of these women leaving the convent, writing books that tell everything. I mean, who cares? Have a nice day, Sister. Same to you. (upbeat hip-hop music) -New Black music -Blast Black music -Black music -Blast Black music -New Black music -Blast Sound came before me James Brown, Jimmy (indistinct) (indistinct) up in my sound system -Blast -Black music Music on another plane We can't be bought, can't be sold Can't be bought, the music where the power is So take my axe, throw it up in the mix This ain't no game, music on another plane -This is serious -Black music Blast Black music -Black music -Blast New Black music Music (indistinct) you feel the groove (indistinct lyrics) Hyper tone, harmelodics, supersonic tone Freakified from the rhythm that'll rock your dome The rhythmic dream The freshest sound you ever felt or seen So take this new sound, put it in your pocket and walk 'Cause it can't be taught Freakified from the rhythm that'll rock your dome Hey yo, this is nothing. Wait, you don't get none, Pepper. You almost messed us up again, you and your size-27 feet. Hey yo, why don't you get off my back, Rain. -Ain't you gotta go? -Listen, all I'm saying is you're not using your feet right. I mean, don't you remember anything? Huh, maybe we need some new outfits or something 'cause this T-shirt sure don't fit right no more. Look, you know what, we need some new moves. So my moves ain't good enough for you? So you take a few dance classes, so what, you want a medal or a chest to pin it on? Listen, I do deserve a medal much as I save your ass. Anyway, Breeze, you up to new moves, right? Hey yo, you keep this up, you ain't coming to my party. I don't wanna go to your party. I have to sit up there the whole night and listen to you talk about girls' body parts and how you're gonna turn 'em every which way but loose. Okay, so the next girl I see, I'll ask if I can feel on her brain. -Hey, Pepper. -Hi, Sea Breeze. Ms. Cynthia, Ms. Nzingha, my, my, my. Hey yo, Rain, square business, how come you ain't got no titties yet? Hey yo, my brother, let's go, the thoroughbreds have arrived. Girl, you're looking good. Yo, Breeze, man, we need new moves. Okay, Rainbow. -Black music -Blast Black music I thought you weren't going to have your hair straightened with a hot comb no more, Rita. That's what I thought, but the perm takes my hair out. Not in my shop it doesn't. Ms. Rita went to one of them high-price hair care centers. What on Earth for? To pull a man. -Did not. -Claims to be a hairdresser. You wearing a wig to the party tonight? We're gonna have a photographer there, you know? Y'all wouldn't be so hard on me if you could at least see the man. Lord. Oh, give me strength. He is drop-dead fine. Good, 'cause he doesn't know a thing about hair. Him left half of yours upon the floor. (laughing) I hear you have a cricketer who can't control them balls. Doesn't have to. He's a batsman. Better to be a batsman than a bowler any day of the week. Hopefully he can control him stick. (laughing) Uh, excuse me, I was just delivering to Ms. Gold. Lapis White, otherwise known as Blue. (mellow jazz music) Hi there, ladies. (globe clattering) (indistinct) just right. I wanted to catch you (indistinct). Funny, they don't make them no more. Fixed a new piece myself. (chuckling) Yep, can't tell the difference. It was supposed to be here a week ago. Well, there's no extra charge. (footsteps) Excuse me. Excuse me. (globe rattling) Excuse me. (clattering) (footsteps) Good day, ladies. Good day. Good day. (laughing) (water streaming, vocalizing) You're not in yet? That your party dress? Look like you're going out door to door to ask for money for a church. (water sloshing) Why do people say I look like a tomboy? A lot of people ought to mind their own business and pray their own children grow up in one piece. -I mean other kids, Ma. -Who? The ones pregnant or unemployed? Better smart than pretty. Can't you be both? Girl, get into the tub before you make me late. I need some privacy. (snickering) You hardly have anything to be private about. (purse snaps closed) Okay, everybody, raise your glasses high for our dear friend Alma Gold who turned this into a place where the women can rest them feet and regroup before having to deal with the rest of you. (laughing) (cheering and clapping) (upbeat music) (mellow music) Smile, Alma Gold. (photo snapping) What exactly do you do, Mr. Lapis White? Handyman. Thank you. And how's my little girl? Quite grown, thank you. William B. Underdo III, mortician. My family has served this community for over 50 years. Oh, I--I see, you got new pictures. You are? (overlapping remarks) -Stop. -Come on and sing, come on, girl. (overlapping remarks) Go on and sing, girl. (clearing throat) (sighing) You make us feel so beautiful Thank you, Alma Gold For being you Oh, that was nice. That was great. Goose. Alma, that handyman would do you good. He's not my type. With due respect, my love, nobody ever is. What am I gonna do with a handyman, Babs? I know what I'd do. Let me count the ways. Alma Gold, you is a good-looking woman. Time to move on. For once I would like to have a doctor, a lawyer, a mayor, or just an independently wealthy somebody. Child, that don't say nothing. Half of them so stiff them can't even get down. You take their money, catch a cab, and go look for the handyman. I'm talking about security, Babs. Security, you want security? Feel your heartbeat. You not had a piece in such a long time. You wouldn't know your type if it walked through the door. I beg your pardon, Miss. You ready? (upbeat music) (dishes clattering) (overlapping remarks) You don't remember me? Of course. You look-- You look different, Miles. Hm. And you look... ...different, too. (chuckles) Hello, Miles. -Hi. -I have no interest in seeing my grandchildren now. Is that clear? Yes, ma'am. (sighs) (car radio playing pop music) (footsteps) Come on now, everybody smile now. (overlapping remarks) Uh, excuse me, um, what's your name? William Barrymore Underdo III. Right, uh, could you change places with this lady right--? No, uh, ma'am, you in the orange scarf, could you take his place? And could you step forward, please? That's right, and--and, uh, could you step back a little bit? A little bit farther. -A little bit farther. -Again? A little bit farther. Little bit farther. That's right, come on, y'all. This is it. (singing in French) (humming) Happy anniversary, sis. After all these years, I finally get plane sick. Can you believe it? Wouldn't care if I see another cloud for as long as I live. Don't go on rearranging on account of me. I'm only gonna be here for a little bit, just to do a little show, nothing big. I've done bigger, but when my manager presented me with the offer, I said, "Well, why not?" I really would love seeing the old place again, not to mention my one and only sister. Mhm. Oh, it really feels like home, it really feels like home. You know, I would've come sooner, but it was just one thing after another. You know me. Hope you don't hold it against me. Hold what? I'm just glad to see you're all right. 10 years is a long time. You didn't say much on your postcards. Why wouldn't I be all right? (speaking French) Oh, look at what you've done with this place. Mama and Daddy's old furniture makes it all look so beautiful. Oh, God, I miss them. (sighs) The house was left to both of us. Ruby. I wasn't really sure if you were coming this time, so the place is not ready for company. Company? Since when am I company? Hey (indistinct)! Look at you, all grown up. Ain't seen you since dog was a pup. -You remember me? -Mhm. No, you don't. I gave you your name, you know? -I know some French. -You do not. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi c'est soir? (laughing) Voulez-vous coucher avec moi c'est soir? Oh! Oh yeah. I got something for you, lady. Here. Oh, thank you. (garments rustling) -Ma. -Oh, wow. Happy anniversary. This one's yours, too. Thanks, Aunt Ruby, this is great. Mm. (paper rustling) (giggling) Ruby. (chuckling) (paper crinkling) You got anybody to wear it for? Nope. (chuckling) Oh, Aunt Ruby! (gasps) Oh, this is beautiful. Try on these old earrings. They were a gift from one of my suitors. Oh, but you-- You need to get your ears pierced. -Are these real? -Better be, as hard as I worked to get 'em. (chuckling) You got any boyfriends yet, huh? I'm trying to get her through school in one piece, Ruby. Well, uh, they might help her with her studies, huh? (giggling) Oh, it's great to be home, ma chère. I love it, I love it, I love it. I love you, Aunt Ruby. Mwah! (giggling) (solemn music) (mellow music) Paradise Oh yes (alarm blaring) I don't know how you work for that man. It's honest money and it helps to pay the bills. Called that cab company three times, where are they? I've got to get to rehearsals. Uh, where's the number for the limousine service? Bonjour, madame. It's been three weeks. You know the routine. The cab came and went. I called you three times. I told you you had to be ready to go when he honks, just like I do every morning when you have to go to rehearsal. I'm just not used to running outside just because I hear a honk. Let me call these people and tell them to ring the bell. À bientôt, madame. (footsteps) (sighs) (doorbell jingles) Kiss my neck. (mellow music with rhythmic vocalizations) (car whirring) (speaking French) (speaking French) (handle rattling) (door closes) (upbeat radio music) (speaking French) (speaking French) (footsteps) I enjoy your company. I think you know that. Do you still paint your toenails in that color I like? William B. Underdo, I send you a check on time every month with interest. Your idea. I would have given you that money for your business. But no, you had to make it alone. (sighs) (footsteps) You are a fine hairdresser. Cosmetologist. I've been waiting, hoping to see you at church. I do my own praying in my own way. Now would you excuse me, please? You got what you wanted, and however brief, I did get what I wanted. Long enough to make me want it again. (footsteps) (door creaking) Girl, be glad you're dead. (energetic jazz music) (speaking French) Hand up on the jeté. Again. Rainbow, you're late again. You better get your act together. Did you see the notice on the board? You should try out for it. That's if you can be on time. Now get yourself together or I'm not gonna let you back into my class. And out, all right, (indistinct). Around, uh-huh, and slide. Mama mia. Uh, madame. S'il vous plaît, do you know where there's a phone? Payphone, any kind of phone around here, huh? Do you know I live in Brooklyn? I ride the train every day. Hey, say he live in the Bronx. You come and you ask me for this tie, you should be like, "Let me hold that tie. Something to remember you by." You know why? 'Cause when you put a tie on your head nobody will talk to you, nobody. And then you scare 'em, you take off your own clothes, yes. (pensive music) American (indistinct). (footsteps) I beg your pardon. For your information... (grunts) ...before I blow your ass out of the water and slap all the French out of your mouth! (phone slams) (mellow music) (car whirring) When are you going to change in those francs? Daddy. (door thuds closed) ...light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine Let it shine, let it shine Let it shine I was dreamin' about how we used to play in Daddy's garden, and all the picnics he used to do for us. Where did all these flowers come from? Oh, some friends of mine heard I was in town. Where's Mama? Mama? Honey, she's been dead a while. The jar on the mantle, where is it? You put Mama in that jar? Dinner is served. (vocalizing) I'm gonna let it shine This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine Let it shine, let it shine, let it shine Forgive her, Mama. You know she was always the crazy one. Ugh! (laughing) Girl, we'd hang till 5:00 in the morning, singing and dancing with these fine blue-black Cubanos. Merengue, mambo, cha-cha, Latin, you name it. Your mama had it down. And there was always some fine, young thing wanted to take her off to a hotel so that he could be more suavecito. -Ruby. -Did you go, Ma? (indistinct singing) (laughing) (indistinct singing) How's rehearsal? Seems like you've been rehearsing for some time. I haven't read anything about it in the paper. Boy, can I tell you about Americans. It is so great having someone special in the family. (tense music) You still playing Josephine? Alabama. I haven't performed Josephine in many years. Well, who's Josephine? Josephine Baker was the toast of Paris. Died broke. Lived a full and exciting life. Was loved all around the world. Died broke. Aunt Ruby, do you think I could win an audition? You wanna die broke, too? Audition? You too good to audition. You could be traveling all over the world. Just snatch it if you want it. Conviction, perseverance, attitude, and a whole lot of style is all you need. (grunts) (indistinct vocalizing) (singing in Spanish) (fast-paced vocalizing) (solemn music) Can I come to the club with you? I'd stay real quiet, I promise. You ain't got to stay quiet for nobody. Mm-mm. But no, you can't. Golden rule: Don't let nobody see you rehearse. Are you my real mother? (chuckling) I don't take after Alabama, she even says so. I wanna get out of here, get to see some places, be like you. Well, it ain't all champagne, you know, and the can-can, but I get by. Just remember: Don't take second best from nobody. You hear me? Always, always claim your space. Cross my heart and hope to die. Huh, don't be so quick to die either. (chuckling) The name of the game is survival. -So are you? -No, I'm not. You got a real mother right downstairs and I wouldn't trade her for the world. It's a good thing, too. Oh, I'd just snatch you right up and take you off with me. (laughing) Oh, you got any talent? You serious or you just watching a lot of TV? Oh, I'm serious. Serious enough to wanna go with you and learn how to be a real star like you. Hm. (pleasant music) Wish my hands were as soft as yours. Frankly I like a man with a little rough to his hands, Mr. Blue. Makes me think he's been working. Did you always have a gold tooth? Absolutely, it's a true sign of good luck. Perhaps you could wear gloves. Not on this gold tooth. No, on your hands. Well, part of knowing if something is right or wrong is feeling it. Feeling has gotten many people into trouble, Mr. Blue. Never. Being afraid to take the next step, now that's where you get into trouble, Alma Gold. Hey, what's that? Come on, Alma, now you know that's not my style. Thought you were just gonna scrub me up a little bit. Well, it's just going to protect them and make them shine. I'll just do one and if you don't like it, fine. Oh, God. Hardly looks like anything is there. (chuckling) (footsteps) How do you do? (footsteps) Are you ready? -It is so. -It is not! -Come on, man, you blind. -All right, so let's see who could hit the wall. (urine trickling) See, I told you. What you need to do is, like, do some push-ups and eat some health food. It'll make you stronger, and what's more important, bigger. And what do you need, Pepper? Oh, shit. Hey yo, man, how'd she know where to find us? You told her? Me, I--I need an agent. Listen, I thought we had practice. Hey yo, she just mad 'cause she-- I'm mad 'cause you got a bad attitude and no style. We only get one chance at this audition, y'all, -just one. -Hey yo, as the leader of the A-Tracks, I was thinking we need a new act. You know, something the girls like, something they'll respect, something that'll make 'em drop their drawers. Man, I ain't join the army for no girl. Hey yo, man, I'm talking about something where we could -be around to collect. -Collect what, Pepper? -Da panties. -Oh, I get it. I get it, that's what you crawling up after Cynthia and Nzingha for instead of coming to practice, -right? -I'm sick of you, you know that? Yeah, you are sick, you know that? But I don't need you no way. You can just keep pissing your brains out. -Come on, y'all, drag out. -Yeah. Oh, so you think you're so tough and strong? Uh-huh, yes, I do. Pick that up, sweetheart. (grunts) I'm gonna hurt you, girl. Yeah, but I ain't the one bleeding, now am I? Yeah, you on your own 'cause I quit. -Come on, Rain. -Oh, "Come on, Rain, come on, Rain." Go double-click on it, all right, Sea Breeze? I ought to hit you, too! Hey yo, I'm gonna deck her, man. Always telling me point my feet. I'm a man, I don't point my feet for nobody! Damn tomboy, ain't even got no titties. (thudding punch) (soft music) (birds chirping) (soft, tense music) (papers rustling) (papers slam) (footsteps) Here I am slaving and sacrificing my life and here you are trying to dig yourself into a hole! Where the hell have you been? In all of my born days I've never seen you like this! (urn clattering) (urn shatters) (gasps) Mama. (solemn jazz music) Rainbow is my baby, and I want you to stop filling my child's head with air pie and breeze cake that you and I both know won't do her a damn bit of good in the real world. When are you gonna pay me back the money, madame? She's talented and you can't stop that. Talent doesn't work for most people, and you have no right to make her think it does. You really gave up too soon. I was hoping and praying right along with you, Ruby. Maybe it could be real. Maybe girls like us could make the dream real. Then you steal the money and flat leave me and I'm left holding the bag. Rainbow, she's just like you and that's what's really scaring you, isn't it? You might get a second chance. And for the record, I didn't want the parlor, you did, as your backup or your out, I should say. So you turned the Fabulous Flamingo Sisters into a Fabulous Flamingo Parlor. How the hell was I going to up and go on one-night stands with a baby? You have lost your mind. And you have lost your heart. Go to hell and stay there. Don't put the blame on your daughter! You have no place to go. There's no show. What have you been doing these last ten years since the Fabulous Flamingo Sisters? Soloing was never your style. Don't be so scared. (shimmering noise) Get out. Get out of my house now. (shimmering noise) Hey, yo girl, you bleedin'. (upbeat music) (music stops) Yo! I said you bleedin'! (laughter) (contemplative music) (water running) Don't lie on your back, don't drink milk, and stay away from boys. Rain, honey, if I was you, I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it with anybody. It hurt. It really hurt. Don't take hot baths, don't play sports, and don't sleep on your stomach. And stay away from boys. You are a woman now. This is a sacred time for you. A time of renewal, a time of empowerment. When your time come, it's just God and nature prepare you for life. Stay away from boys. (water gurgles) Keep your pants up and your dress down. And when you feel hot, take a cold shower. (sighs) Problem, W.B.? I am not your chauffeur. And it is not a chauffeur you need. (she speaks French) I've been an undertaker for a long time, Ruby Gold. I know the living and I know the dead, and I know the difference between the two. What do you do all day? (sighs) Watch. (mellow music) Try and figure out when things changed. I look around for my footprints in this place, gone. Clubs, the folks, the music I remember. (sultry music) Life is one big memory, ain't it, sugar? (sultry music) (doorbell jingles) Blows be, kiss me neck, Ruby Gold in concert? No Please take me to this resting place Oh, Lord, please take me to this resting place Oh, Lord, please take me to this resting place Ruby, are you out of your mind? Absolutely. This body is holdin' up my show. Now, you promised me a limousine. It never came. Technically speaking, both of you are making me late for my fitting. Now, I move on time and in style. W.B., are you on my side or in my way? What is it? Yes! I'd like to say a few words. (she exhales deeply) I knew him... (W.B. clears throat) Oh yes, I remember her very well. And I'm sure all of you know that she liked things short and to the point. -Yes. -Yes she did. Now, she was a good woman. -Lord knows she was. -She was. Didn't talk much. Loved herself some sushi. -Mm-hm. -Yes, she loved sushi, mm. Now, she was born, she died, and now she should be buried quickly. I think she'd like it that way. -Amen. -Yes, she would. (lively jazz music) Oh my God. Ruby's performing in the funeral parlor. (lively jazz music) I'm gonna take pictures too. You need a tripod? Real men don't use tripods. (footsteps) (speaking French) There's a beautiful blackness in the sky I'm standin', runnin' Streaked heavens with a rainbow, give me light Sunny day walks on foreign travel roads Suddenly, the clouds start changin' The wind can claim you anytime she please So you must appease The wind can maim you anytime at ease Drive you to your knees Give you her disease I don't always know to where my soul agrees But I do know why 'Cause this woman I sing to and laugh for and cry to the sky to the blackened sky Dance the blackened sky The beautiful blackness in the sky The beautiful blackness in the sky You know, Alma, good friend better than pocket money. (melancholic music) (humming) If I meet one more person who says, "My ancestors came in on the Mayflower," I'll drop-- All I can say is, that was sure one crowded boat. You're glowing. The good-luck man must be good for you. -Aren't you ever shy? -Nope. Not enough reward in it. We should go on a vacation together. -Ruby, I-- -Sis... no--no hard-luck blues tunes now, okay? It's not always great books and heartfelt jazz. I don't care what they say. But I keep on keepin' on because that's what I do best. (purse snaps shut) Boo. I thought this was nudies of you and that good-luck man. (chuckling) It, um, came special delivery a while ago. I, uh-- all the way from France. Lotta money. I was hoping... you'd stay home. People like me don't have a home. Just a--a place where we can hang the hat. We should take that vacation. You can still get to see what you missed. Or you could write one of those one-woman shows. You know, the kind that tells about trials and tribulations of your life? They seem to do very well. Of course, you better not tell everything, especially if it involves me. Well, where should we go? I'm not going anyplace where I can't understand what people are saying. Trying to get directions from people who can't understand what I'm saying to eat food that I can't name. I am going to stay home in my bed, put my feet up, and watch my television. (laughter) By the way, I meant to ask you, where the heck is Ouagadougou? And Tortola--I mean, where the heck is Tortola? Oh... Ruby, what are you doing? -Reflexology. -What? You see, all the nerve endings are in the foot. You got a gas pocket. -Ruby... -Big one! Hold still, I can get it. Just gimme my foot--Ruby! Gimme my foot back! (screaming, laughing) It is mine, and I will keep it, thank you! Have to get it! (laughing) Oh! (screaming, laughing) (singer vocalizes) I wanna stay right here with you Get up, sugar. Wake up. Let me see you walk. Walk, girl. How you gonna walk when you get into that audition? Sugar! In all my born days, I ain't never seen nothing as sad as that. You gotta hold your head up and walk. Got nothing to do with who you know, who you don't. Money, looks, who you sleeping with and who you ain't. -You sleepin' with anybody? -No! Just asking. Makes a lot of girls feel important, needed. You are very loved and very needed. Now, all it is is a walk, but you can tell a lot about a person by the way they walk. Now, this here is somebody who don't know nothin'. (giggling) And this is somebody pretendin' they know, and they don't. Like some of them horn players, their faces all scrunched up, knotted up, like they playin' something real deep. And they ain't. And this is "I know who I am and where I'm going, so move out my way, I'm comin' through." Now, lemme see you walk. I know, I know, I am somebody. Shoot, I know that, but who is the goddamned question. If you don't know it, invent it, make it up. Well, just when I think that everything's gonna be okay, the clouds start changing. I hate being a woman. You ain't no woman yet, Rainbow. What you're feeling now is the easy part. Always remember, do the best you can with what you got, and that way, you don't owe anybody explanation or apology, you hear me? Now, go to sleep. 'Night, Aunt Ruby. I'm glad you're home. Oh, tomorrow, I'mma show you what I can do. I've been working on an act. (clock chiming) (doorbell jingles, door closes) Good morning, Miss Babs. (squeaking, clattering) Mom's upstairs resting. You don't have to worry about anything. Everything--everything is done. Mwah! What don't happen in a year happen in a day, dem say. I said my name is Ruby Gold and I am here to entertain you tonight Mm! I said my name is Ruby Gold and I am here to entertain you tonight Woo! Uh-huh But I am one tough cookie that will make everything all right I said my name is Ruby Gold and I am here to entertain you tonight Oh yeah 'Cause I am one tough cookie that will make everything all right (melancholic music) (inaudible) (melancholic music) (crinkling) (melancholic music) How could she? Honey... people... people like your Aunt Ruby, they just have to keep moving. Then why didn't you tell me? What are you doing over there, Rainbow? Waitin' for the subway. So, Rainbow, um... -do you like-- -Yes, I like school; no, I don't have a boyfriend and I don't know what I wanna be when I grow up. Well, I hear you like music. (hums a melody) Bet you can't dance. Bet you can't fly! (footsteps) (funky music) I know you're somebody, Rainbow, but who? If you don't know, then invent yourself. Keep your pants up, your dress down, and when you feel hot, take a cold shower. (sultry music) I don't wanna go to your party! I have to sit up there the whole night and listen to you talk about girls' body parts and how you gonna turn them every which way but loose. (sultry music) I like you, Alma Gold. I like you a lot. I said I like you, but I'll be hot damn if I like everything about you. -Excuse me? -I said-- Yeah, well, let's just get it out. That's just fine. Mr. Wrapped-Up-in-a-Gold-Tooth, no show-going, can't keep his eyes open, and another thing. That lock you fixed on my record player is not better than new. (dance music) (shouting, laughter) You gotta stand in this spot, and don't you embarrass me, either. Don't embarrass yourself! For so long, I've been trying Trying to stop these nights a-flying What I need is a love so true Tell me, baby, will it come from you Lapis, I hate that tooth. And I hate that we have to go to the theater in this truck. And if you think that I'm gonna put my heart on my sleeve so that you can run away with it, you got another thing comin'. Well, my memories are important too, Alma. Now, I'm a hard-working, responsible, good-for-something man, and it ain't always easy for me either. Seems like there's always somebody trying to twist me into somebody else. I like me. And I like you. (dance music) (indistinct lyrics) And right up to the stars above And wish that I could be showered with love But I know that I must be strong And that's the reason... (soft, sultry music) Soon, we'll not have to explain The truth the rest have said We're no longer ashamed As the children laugh and play We too must let ecstasy sweep us away Hidden secrets are not enough for us to hide behind The mystic beauty we possess inside As violets feel the rain They know to grow and grow in a brand-new day (sultry music) Just like we should Just like we should Just like we should Just like we should Mm-mm... Feeling's just too strong to hold back So we'll cast away our fears, throw them to the air Old dreams drift off to sea Bringing transformation in Original reality Takes many tears to cry and learn the ways of life To protect our tender soul -Let's do it. -What? Like a flicker to a flame Rainbow, wait! Rainbow! Just stop it, come on! -Let's do it. -What? Come on, let's do it, and then we can get it over with and do other things. No dreams, no secrets, maybe even get to be friends again. Undo that! (soft music plays faintly) Okay. All right. (she grunts) All right. Is this it? No. What about this? Gimme that thing! Ow! Let go! You're hurtin' me! Something's not right. Where are those things you're supposed to wear? What things? You know, those things that you're supposed to carry around in your wallet for tender moments like these. Where is it? Oh, those things. I don't have one. You don't have one? (she scoffs) God. When is life gonna be perfect? Here we are just the two of us Graven image of desire I never thought I could feel this way Here with you is where I want to stay Never let me go I always want to be yours And I want to feel this way forevermore Always love me, baby Ma. Ma! Ma! Ma-aa! 'Cause I'm in heaven when I'm in your arms What is she doing outside? It's heaven I'm in heaven when I'm in your arms Ooh, baby, tonight So glad this happens once in a lifetime I could go on like this forever Inside your arms Matching your magic charms Let's always stay... Howdy, Rainbow. (bright, mellow music) (laughter) Thanks, Ma. What happens if you don't get it? Now, why wouldn't I get it? -Rainbow... -Ma... Life goes on with or without you. Well, you need a good breakfast-- -and a pot to piss in... -and a pot to piss in, and a window to throw it out of. Bye, Ma. Oh--wish me luck. (doorbell jingles, door closes) (scatting) Kiss me neck. (bright, funky music) (singers vocalizing) Here we are, you and I Waiting for that magic moment to arrive Though passions come and passions go To me, the love still lingers on through the night Will it happen by itself if we let it If it wasn't meant to be, just forget it Where is love... Where is love Seasons change and so do I Something is missing and I am left wondering why Why I'm with a crowd but by myself I'm feeling I'm needing some lovin' from somebody else If it happened to me, how would I know it If it happened to me, how would I show it Where is love Where is love, oh I wanna find a place where love is I wanna find a place where love is I wanna find a place where love is always Always... Always In a crowd, I find myself Feeling I'm needing some loving from somebody else Somebody else, baby Ooh, somebody, somebody If it happened to me, how would I know it If it happened to me, how would I show it Where is love... Where is love Ooh, yeah Got to find a place, baby Go ahead Got to find a place, baby We can do it, baby I got to find a place, baby Just take my hand Gotta find a place Just take my hand Yeah, how Got to find a place, baby We can do it, baby Got to find a place, baby, baby... You and I, you and I Hey, yeah, oh I wanna find a place, baby Ooh, I believe, I believe I believe in doing, I believe A place, a place, a place, now baby Oh Oh, baby Take my hand Come on, come on, come on, come, come on, come on, come on, come on, baby Hey Come on, baby... Yeah, it's gonna happen yet Gonna find a world, now baby It's gonna happen Can't find a girl now, baby Oh, oh, oh baby Oh, oh yeah, oh I gotta find a place, baby I gotta find a place, baby There's no place like home No, my baby, hey hey (vocalizing) I think we're gettin' kinda close, baby Yeah, yeah, yeah Come up on me, girl We're almost there I wanna feel ya Feel ya, feel ya, feel your love, girl (vocalizing) I'm gonna, I'm gonna I'm gonna love you, girl, hey, now, now, yeah