'Disclaimer: Success in experiments shown in this film are still in research stage' 'A few incidents which happen abroad in this film, are in Tamil for easy understanding' 'Thanks to all Dailies, TV, Internet, Radio and Media friends' Alert...alert! 4 subjects have escaped from D block Hi everybody - Hello, sir - Good morning, boss Can't even walk a distance of 4 feet They said they are like zombies Now they are ready to sprint! Only their heart is beating All the organs have failed No more useful Wow! Is a fist sized heart so powerful? Shall we cremate them? They are just occupying space Subject is still alive, right? As long as they are alive they will be useful to us - Ghilli - Yes, boss - Know Novichok? - Of course Your Azerbaijan girlfriend Well built, robust Like a Russian horse Am I right, sir? 4th generation Chemical weapon - Doctor? - Chief? You know Skirpal, right? I have heard of only our milk, Aavin 'paal' - This is pre-NEET batch! - What about you? - No, sir - Sorry, sir Read the newspaper now and then Browse the net Invented after cyanide Latest Russian poison We must continue our research on how soon the heart stops beating We have to test this and submit the report at the earliest - Let's move - Come along Yes, Munna Contrary to what you think he isn't an ordinary man, VJ 'The more we attack he keeps coming back' He is a breed apart! Shut! "Saravana's fireworks skyrocket fast" "You become his feast" "Like cotton candy pace, his punch is a blast" "Hip-hop base Don't come close" "The legend will now take a class" "Blast" "Roast" "Feast" "Kick-ass, buddy" 'A Few Months Back' "Roast" 'Ladies and gentlemen' Good evening and a warm welcome To the distinguished representatives of the various countries Experts of the medical fraternity And students Let's welcome Professor Dr Desikan 'Vanakkam' I take immense pleasure in introducing my best student to all of you Dr Saravanan Even though he studied in a village Pooncholai, in Tamil Nadu, India He excelled himself in IIT, Chennai as class topper From the prestigious Tel Aviv university, in Israel He has been awarded a doctorate today 'An impressive achievement indeed!' He has tried his hand in research in many topics In his subject Micro-biology and DNA Modification He has submitted 18 papers The world is praising his finding of anti-biotic requirement test Millions of people have benefitted As a teacher and guide I am very proud to introduce Dr Saravanan - Congratulations - Thank you - Congrats - Thanks a lot The Tamil soil that nourished me And my motherland that nurtured me My heartfelt thanks and hearty welcome Yesterday's search is history Tomorrow's quest is science If a man makes up his mind the word 'impossible' will cease to exist God has blessed that kind of will power to all of us It is very important we walk towards our goal in our journey of life I was busy with my research and studies all these years Hereafter I intend dedicating my life To my people I want to serve them Ensure their wishes are fulfilled And be there for them This is my dearest wish My dream is also to introduce more scientists to this world DNA research is the biggest boon humanity has been blessed with I want to commence from my own motherland I request you to shower your affection and affirmation to this dream-goal of mine Thank you Scientist Saravanan Will he come for our farewell party? Our Saravanan's research is in a different level altogether! When it comes to song, dance and rock & roll with friends The level goes high...higher...highest! Yes Bunny Yes!! "Bunny rabbit a-prancing 1000-wheel train a-racing" "Whistle o' whistle ear-piercing" "Special extra special treat Puffed rice and sugar sweet" "That level...elated That level...elevated" "Eyeing a glam-doll, o' wow! The sun fans to cool her down" "Nonstop singing at its peak Throat is sore, can only squeak" "Love means, buddy Lavish satin-soft melody" "That level...exalted That level...exhilarated" "Achacho! Is the sea bubbling, bountiful? Catamaran bonded with yacht beautiful?" "Is the lamp's glow cool and resplendent? Has the sun in the chimney lamp risen?" "Mind urged? Heart surged? Has jaggery in wasabi merged?" "Baila, the folk melody Peacock sings in rhapsody" "Bunny rabbit a-prancing 1000-wheel train a-racing" "Whistle o' whistle ear-piercing" "Special o extra special treat Puffed rice and sugar sweet" "That level...amplified That level...magnified" "Even tiny ants are kings inside college Blowing their trumpet; on a rampage" "But the students here Sparkling gems so dear" "Benches served as drums neat" "Fingers 10 as sticks to beat" "Talent has exceeded academics indeed" "A skinny chick not today's hottie" "Boys don't realize she will be Miss World tomorrow surely" "Even a butterfly before it could fly for a few weeks was a caterpillar ugly!" "Bunny rabbit a-prancing 1000-wheel train a-racing" "Whistle o' whistle ear-piercing" "Special o extra special treat Puffed rice and sugar sweet" "That level...elated That level...elevated" "Eyeing a glam-doll, o' wow! The sun fans to cool her down" "Nonstop singing at its peak Sore throat, can only squeak" "Love means, buddy Lavish satin-soft melody" "Different level...altogether Ultimate level forever and ever" "If you spend your college days studying and shaggy-haired always" "Or sit in the last bench Sleepy-Joe" "Isaac Newton for all you know may be dormant in you also" "Your dad will push you to make your dreams come true" "Your mom will drive you up the wall with her dialogs sentimental" "Only your friend so true will lock you in his heart, dude" "If pelted with stones don't be flustered If abused with words, don't be shattered" "Retaliate like Dhoni our dear cricketer with a sixer in the last ball of the over!" "Bunny rabbit a-prancing 1000-wheel train a-racing" "Whistle o' whistle ear-piercing" "Special o extra special treat Puffed rice and sugar sweet" "Eyeing a glam-doll, o' wow! The sun fans to cool her down" "Nonstop singing at its peak Sore throat, can only squeak" "Love means, buddy Lavish satin-soft melody" Ladies and gentlemen living in Pooncholai village We are here to welcome Mr Arunachalam's younger son Saravanan 'Dance with joy' 'Come...come along' 'Scientist Saravanan Praised world over' 'Your adopted son' 'As good as our own son' 'Our godson!' 'Vanakkam' - Welcome - Thank you - Welcome doctor - Thank you We are proud to receive you - Sister-in-law - Welcome back - Amma, appa, please bless me - God be with you, son You should continue to achieve more Definitely, pa Saravana, may you live long and achieve name and fame world-wide Thank you, ma Anna When you got lucrative offers from various parts of the world You insisted on serving our motherland, my dear brother - I'm so proud of you - Thank you, anna - Grandma - Saravana I kept my word and got back - How are you? - I am fine, dear - Hi kiddos - Hiiiiiiiiiiiii Welcome back, uncle Sir...sir...sir, 1 second You are a renowned scientist the world is astounded by What will you achieve in this remote village, sir? The people gathered here are my extended family I intend changing their lives for the better, by being with them Super, sir My dear boy, you are so famous But you are coming all alone Shouldn't you bring along Hansika and Tamannah on either side of you? You've come from abroad You could have brought a white female with you How could I? I was studying 24x7 I had no time to fall in love If I get time I can fall in love too! Sir...sir...sir Will you marry a girl from here or a foreigner, sir? If I marry, she will be a girl only from Tamil Nadu Why don't you find me a good bride? Hey! Don't worry Be happy I'm back We can all be happy now Okay - Saravana - Thangam! Back like a good penny! Saravana, as soon as I knew you were back, I decided From this moment onwards my body, soul, spirit My bike key...are all yours! - All yours to keep - Thangam Still the same old job? Yes, it is a bit hectic What does 'old job' mean? Just roaming around aimlessly Jobless officer! 'Memes for me, huh?' [clucking at the ducks] Go this side Look! Rowdy babies are conducting a duck-parade! Hey ducky! Whaaat? Duck, huh? You...steer the ducks to one side Look here, you are the duck and your damn car is another duck! Sir sitting inside the car is a duck How dare you 'ducky' me! Okay...okay 'No tension' I would appreciate it if you can clear the road Back off...back off Who is this, akka? He is shining like a jewel! Ignore him Shall we put him in place? Hello Tip-top! My ducks can only walk Are they doves to fly in mid air? My dear girl, your ducks are not walking They are waddling in slow motion in a procession Did your grandfather construct this road? This land belongs to ducks, goats, cows, birds, beasts, insects, all living things So said our Super Star in 2.O! Your mobile will make me go deaf What a dumb ring tone! Talk, must be your father Hello? On the way, pa We got caught with 2 madcap dumbos here We'll be back home soon, pa Hey giraffe girlie! Madcap dumbo? - I hope you know sir's background? - Shoot Be quiet You should know when to be patient with girls We should get our way Not show off our macho image! We are at fault You have a valid point But perhaps you can choose your words with care We are in a bit of a hurry Kindly give us the right of way Okay...okay You can get your way Hahn?! - You there! - What? Look at you! Can easily pass off as a bike thief snatching phones! Sir, you look so decent - Why do you hang out with this chap? - My bad, dear! What to say, sir! Saravana How humiliating! She dip-dried us! You are happily smiling Is it your policy to win with a just a grin? Interesting girl! When the British wanted to build a college here And asked the rich to help in cash or kind Your grandfather was the first man to volunteer 65 acres of his land They constructed the building and opened the college When the British left India they handed over the college to us Everyone should be educated That was your grandfather's dream 'All of you stick to the occupation of your caste through the ages' When everyone was politicizing this concept Only our grandfather thought everyone should be educated The great man with a big vision According to NIRF, our college holds first position this year too, sir - 'Pasum-pal' sir - Hey! Principal sir In these times when colleges spring up in every town as a money making venture It is indeed a noble enterprise to impart free education to so many students My dear son, you have to protect and continue our tradition Definitely, pa In my grandfather's times just a degree was enough But nowadays higher studies And high intellect are extremely essential Only then we can survive in this competitive world I want to mold students into this new age That is my mission Saravana, do you remember me? Listen, he meets 100s of people daily Is his brain a CCTV camera to record each and every face? Introduce yourself to him I am...your- Aren't you Thirupathi? We were classmates in school I thought you may have forgotten I'm so happy you remember But you've become smart and stylish Let me hug you just once Foreign delegate is asking Fulfil his 'Huggies' wish - Come - Saravana Saravana...awww! I stained your suit with mud Sorry...so sorry Doesn't matter What are you doing here? Don't even ask me You know I was bad at studies Oh! My clan, eh? Your father got me a job All the trees here were planted by me Imagine if we can give a free sapling to everyone who comes to our nursery Before I die I must plant at least 100000 trees in this village Fantastic! Do you know your service is the need of the hour? Just for this I'll hug you again Thangam Looks like our ducky is a multi-tasker! - Girl or boy kid, akka? - Girl, Meenu kutty Looks so cute Thangam What crosses your mind when you see this? First tell me what you think Love all things great and small Reminded of what Jesus said Oh! That feeling, uh? What is your take? You'll feel terrible if I tell you my honest thought 'Doesn't matter, shoot' If we wait for 6 months We can taste the yummiest 'biriyani' Oh Lord! Forgive this sinner Saravana, I'm ready What is this? Playing with air within the room You think it's a game? This is Tai chi I've heard of 'pregnancy' What is 'Thisistaichi'? This is a kind of defense marital art We can save ourselves and safeguard others too Thangam Should I blow the candles? I can do it with one huff and a puff 'Looks like he is a master of many arts!' - Hey! - Go, pa - Stop - No - My dear son, don't run - I won't stop - Wait, listen to me - If I stop you'll jab me Even if you don't, I'll poke you Just for today I hear this daily from you You'll feel giddy, son Yes, pa, my head is spinning I promise you a painless poke! Hey...hey! Why are you hassling this kiddo? Hey! A fatso is harassing a kiddo Call the village Panchayat All the 18 villages assemble at the banyan tree Where is the staff? Where is the pot of water? Don't try to be funny Saravana, you know what he's up to He makes it a habit to buy not 1 or 2, but 5 chocolates a day Is it wrong for a kid to be fond of chocolate? Soooper, uncle Give me a high 5 What bloody 5? You don't know the fact - He'll die if he eats chocolates - What are you saying? His sugar level is 200+ at this young an age - Daily he needs an insulin injection - Aiyo! It will hurt Juvenile diabetes - Wow! Scientist uncle - Devi, look who's here Hello, what a lovely surprise I've been telling you to buy some chairs - How are you? - Doesn't matter This is my friend's house We used to play here when we were young I used to eat his corn 'dosa' and he used to relish my tiffin in school 'He is Chevalier Sivaji Ganesan and he is Major Sundarrajan!' 'Performing for an Oscar and competing with me' My tummy has betrayed my 'keep fit' regime! Now it isn't too bad He was so obese when I married him Imagine if I had no place on the dais and I had to step down! Amma, that's a lame joke! He lost weight ever since he was diagnosed with diabetes I'm sorry I forgot What would you like to drink? Coffee? Any drink is fine Bro, what about you? My favorite is beer Doesn't matter I'll drink whatever you give - Okay - Uncle, I take this insulin bravely Only he will always cry and make a fuss I can dive into an open well and swim She will run a mile when she just looks at water Madcap! Keep quiet We are both diabetic Even if our elders didn't leave us any inheritance They blessed us with diabetes! Our blessed fate I think Both our kids were born with diabetes Watch your step! Saravana, doesn't diabetes typically show up when a person is 40-50 years old? 'How do children get affected nowadays?' There are many types of diabetes Type A is chronic where the pancreas produce little or no insulin Type B is when insulin lessens It usually develops over many years To balance it, we inject insulin into the system In juvenile diabetes Pancreas disfunction right from birth - Sir...! - Hey! 'Dupe in the group' 'Protector of the poor Our own family member' We just praised you and you are at our doorstep! Hey! Doctor brother Saravana, that Sunny Leone is calling you Not you, man I'm calling our doctor brother Your single injection drove my fever 100 yards away, doctor Is this your side business? Sir, I am an ordinary scumbag of a compounder 'Scumbag' I make ends meet with the salary doctor pays me Just an ordinary beggar - Beggar is he! - Goodness gracious! She misunderstood that concept, sir 'Concept, sir' Please don't sack me hearing this lady's validation! Sack him, sir We have started renovation in the lab as per your request, sir 'Our students are excited-' [loud sobs] - Aiyo! Principal - 'What is the matter?' - Kayal, get up, sir is here - Why are you crying? Stop crying and get up, Kayal Sir, look there Ooh la! Friends Few more lines will make this drawing very beautiful 'And respectable also' Bro, you drew a line Professor will construct a road! Ooh la! Dear students College days are a golden period in our lives Including a lot of fun, joy, happiness and more Be happy and cheerful all you want No harm at all But your joy should not make someone else cry That's important for our life Let that be always Dinned into your head All the best, guys Thank you What a surprise! Ducky!! I'm a duck in your eyes But a duck that holds M.Sc and M.Phil degrees to her credit This is my class I'm a lecturer here Oh! I'm sorry - And you - Yeah? Are brilliant Thank you If a chick is sick when born The mother sparrow will push it from the nest and kill it, I believe - Get lost, bluff master! - You get lost, dirty laundry bag - Come, children - Hurry up You're killing us with your injections daily, pa If we had died at birth we need not get injected daily, no? Appa, you knew we had diabetes when we were born Why didn't you kill us- Sorry, doctor Juvenile diabetes is not a serious disease at all Take the prescribed tablets daily and regularly, that's all Look at your dad Brave man! No complaints about life Always cheerful You are the only doctor in the world who toasts a cheer to his patient! That isn't 'cheers' He said 'cheerful' Smart boy! Thirupathi, this small tablet is for you This is for your children, okay? Doctor, Devi wants a fair baby it seems Simple, we can paint the baby immediately after birth Kindly do the same to me Keep quiet, dear Let's pray at least this baby isn't born with diabetes You will give birth to a healthy baby, don't worry - Hi - Hi In our medical field, those who discovered a cure for headache ...will walk with his head in the clouds! But take this man He is a scientist who made the antibiotic world sit up stunned! You are so modest I have miles to go before I sleep! Saravanan, Mr VJ You know OJO Laboratories? A renowned empire in Asian Pharmaceuticals He is the brain If insulin supply is going smooth in Asia He is the man How can anyone NOT know him? You look fresh after a shower Sat under the Bodhi tree! What is this? Won't you apply oil to your head and comb your hair neatly? Look at your dull faces! Aiyo! My childhood friend is visiting us Not just him His son who studied abroad is coming along 'When he visits us shouldn't all of you look smart?' 'Come...come' 'Most welcome Surprise visitors!' - 'Vanakkam, bro - Vanakkam' Look who's here? Our scientist! Why are you in a state of shock? - She's my daughter - That's why I'm shocked! She's a lecturer in your college Sir is well aware of that, pa Both of us know that She helped the duck lay a kid and the goat deliver an egg And teased our scientist Did you get sloshed early in the morning? - Get out! - Are you asking ME to get out? Yes, I say Clear out What did you say? - I said 'get out' - Exactly what I was expecting! You kept postponing and finally made it to my house I can't believe it What to do? Saravanan is too busy On top of it, he was invited to meet the Central minister in Delhi What did you reply to the minister? Dr Saravanan All India Medical Research Foundation I am planning to recommend you to head this organization It's a great honor, sir But heart of hearts I want to serve my people, so I can uplift their lives, sir We will always support you - In whatever you decide - Thank you, sir It's a good position with name, fame You could have accepted, my dear boy Name and fame don't matter to me My people are my priority I want every good deed of mine to benefit our people 100% That's my dearest wish Hey! Shall we do it together? 'Do' what? You hang the dress to dry I'll fix the clothes peg You fold the clothes I'll iron out the creases You have a lovely sense of humor Comedy comes easily to me Befriend me, you'll realize I am loaded heavily Look at my bunch of credit cards, debit cards International Visa cards! I'm getting a call - Hello? - 'Haliyo, sir' 'I am calling from IBIBI bank' 'Take your debit card and tell me the 16 digits, 4 by 4' 'Read it out over the phone I have to renew it' - 1 minute, wait - [Hindi] Yes, sir I know the bank manager Senthamizh Chelvan But you're speaking with a North Indian accent, sir? 'Come on, sir What Tamil?' 'Learn thoroughly what should be learnt And having learnt it, eat 'dahi puri' This is classic flawless Tamil Kindly repeat, sir 'I don't have time for all that, sir You have only 2 minutes left' 'If you don't tell me your # your card will be blocked, sir' - 'Tell me 16 numbers correctly' - Right now, sir - 6-0-8-1 - [Hindi] 'Yes, sir' 2-0-0-0 0-7-6-7 - 2-0-4-7 - [Hindi] 'Yes, sir' I've got an OTP # - 'Hahn! Tell me that too' - Go on - 44-55 - 'O, ji' What is O-G? Why did he hang up? I've got a new message My card has been renewed Let me read it Rs 1,50000 has been debited from your account I saved this amount for 10 years like a sparrow bit by bit In one second he has swiped it clean How terrible, Saravana Thangam How many times you are warned in TV, paper and radio? Do not share your bank details or OTP# with anyone You made a fool of yourself and became 'Flash news' now Thank God, I escaped! Come on, trash everything Come on, I say 'Raze it to the ground' Who cares about college? Clear it now What are you doing? Stop it...hey! - Dump all of it - Please stop them, bro I nurtured them with such tender love and care - A helipad is planned here - Stop it! Central minister will land here in pomp and style from his chopper This is our college Security...security! Damn your security No bloody guarantee I won't let you destroy a single plant Who is he? Knock him down What audacity! 'You dare oppose our leader?' Listen to me Don't destroy my plants 'Go to hell' 'Saravana!' What temerity for a mere gardener! Bloody scumbags! Spitting on us How dare you act smart with us! Oh my God! What happened? Thirupathi, what happened? Big ruckus! Saravanan beat up all the rowdies to a pulp Is that so? Wowww!! If my Saravanan gets into research He is a Sir C.V.Raman If he gets into fighting mode He is 'Enter The Dragon'! I am not your enemy I respect your Party and your leadership There are many rules & regulations for a helipad to be constructed Especially hospitals, colleges, schools, water bodies, transformers 'Shouldn't be in that area' We have many vacant lands here 'Choose one such spot' This is college campus Only for academics You'll listen, so will I Helicopter won't pay heed to you! Many students are present here Can we... ...speak in private? Can you stand pain? I gave 'Captain' a run for his money! My body is as strong as red sandalwood! Suits me even better! If you had said so kindly I would have nodded my head, no? 'Thirupathi, how are you feeling?' He is bedridden with a broken leg just by letting his tongue run Who will take care if something drastic happens? Shut up! Is that just a college? It's a temple, dear I am the guardian of that temple You're serving this entire village and I'm prepared to sacrifice my life, friend Nothing to worry - You'll be fine - Get better soon It should all go smooth 'Happy birthday to you' Happy birthday, Kayal Hey darling Rascal! Hit him Hit back Why should you be scared of savage beasts like him? You had the gall to hit me, eh? You haven't seen the last of me Oooh la! Come on, boys Oooh la! Who is that driving in a jeep right into our compound? College boys, pa 'Are you sure?' They are roaming around like drunk rowdies? Just ignore them, pa Hey! Oldie with an ear stud! 'Hey old man!' Why are they circling our house? Thulasi, I have a bad feeling about this, my dear Don't get alarmed, pa Pcccht! Let's go inside How can you be so casual? Who are you? OOH LAA!! What do you want? Savage beasts! 'Hey Vicky! How dare you!!' Appa...appa Burn down her damn house HEY! Thulasi...! 'Hey! My dear' DAI! Leave us alone Thulasi, get up Let's run from here Bloody old man! Hey! Let go of me You told her to retaliate?! - Grab her - THULASI! 'Thulasi' 'Let go of my daughter' My dear boy! HEYYY! - Ooh la! - DAI!! Spare my daughter Don't hurt her You'll crumble to pieces, Mr Scientist Don't poke your nose, go away - Who is she? - 'Sister, sir' - Who is that? - Akka, sir - Tell me, who? - Mother, sir - Who is she? - 'God, sir' - Who is that? - Teacher, sir That's the word! Mother, father, teacher, God A teacher takes precedence over God Cha! Welcome, brother Come in, dear Come - What happened? - Are they students? They have turned into scumbags ganging up with rowdies I've ordered them to be dismissed No, pa I had a different plan for the students It's unfortunate I had to whip them with my own hands Good friends pave the way for a good world They have got into bad company That's the reason for their inexcusable behavior Dismissing them from college is too severe a punishment, pa I've already punished them I feel we must forgive them and give them a chance to reform Amma, they have lost everything and come to us in a pathetic state It is up to us to take care of them without making them feel awkward Do I need to be told all this, Saravana? I'll take good care, son Hi Good morning Good morning "Epitome of illusion, my fantasy" "My dream, my desire, my fancy" What's on your mind? "My mirage illusive My magic elusive" "My day dream My life's theme" My dear, what comes to your mind when you look at them as a pair? Whatever is on your mind is flashing in my mind too! I have decided She is my sister-in-law Then we must set a plan in motion Plans are a waste of time The 3rd day after I met your grandpa I tricked him into the banana grove Grandma, don't share your adult stories to children here 'I'm grown up, you know' It isn't enough if you simply watch them You must match them as a couple Come...come Thulasi, you cannot go to college - Today you put leave - Why? Because your scooter's front tyre is flat! - Lord Muruga! - Saravana Aren't you going to college? Give Thulasi a lift Okay, granny End of story, give it to me You can hold this You take your lunch bag and zip zap zoom! Don't sit as if you're least bothered Make sure they connect Otherwise I'll crucify you! Don't forget, come 'live' on Face Time Don't worry By the time the car touches 3rd gear I'll make sure they are 'in touch'! Thanks, 'uncle' - Thangam, start a conversation - Okay Saravana, have you rented your mouth to someone? Isn't it under your control? Chat her up Aren't you Maths lecturer? Hmmm...yes They have started talking! Do you have only 1 question? Have you left the rest in multiple choice? Just keep talking What is Trigonometry? Oh! It's an interesting question Trigonometry is a branch of Mathematics That is the relationship between side length and the angle of a triangle Such as sin theta, cos theta and tan theta He busted all our data! - Oh gawd! - This won't work I thought he'll make a move but no such matter is happening - Matter? - Yeah - You mean...matter? - Yeah...yeah...yeah! Matter is Nothing but energy That is- Saravana, go in and pray along with Thulasi Okay, ma My dear, let's fix the alliance Hey Balaiyah Will you consent to Thulasi marrying my son Saravanan? My friend, whatever I am wearing and the food I eat is your generosity I stand here as a beggar Don't make me feel even more awkward asking me this silly question! Uncle Why do you feel abandoned? Aren't we here for you? Very true, this is a sacred shrine, uncle All of us are equal in the eyes of God But my blessed fate I'm standing here homeless Brother, listen to me Even if our river Kaveri is in spate Or her river bed is sun-dried and parched Does Kaveri's glory lessen? - Lord Muruga - You lived comfortably What do you lack, anna? 'Lord Muruga, if I marry' '...my groom will be only this innocent scientist' 'Bless us and get us married at the earliest, Lord' 'Please' Your daughter is a priceless Kohinoor We should be the ones to be blessed to have her as our daughter-in-law Lord Ganesha Parimala Sir...? Tamil runs in her blood What is your verdict? You are made for each other, sir "Oho renowned and rich, my king Midas Leading a life of plenty and prosperous" "When you touch me, it is true I will turn into a golden statue" "Honey bee, my queen bee Like a floral coracle; my beauty" "Come and build your hive in my heart and soul; unify" "No sly deceit, golden heart glowing Love like a deluge forever flowing" "Look high and low to find the alcove of such a mind" "Kohinoor in silken finery Golden scented ivory" "A statue chiseled with mastery from moonlight silvery" "My honey nectarous" "O' Maiya" "My heaven splendorous" "O' Maiya" "Oho renowned and rich, my king Midas Leading a life of plenty and prosperous" "When you touch me, it is true I will turn into a golden statue" "Honey bee, my queen bee Like a floral coracle; my beauty" "Come and build your hive in my heart and soul; unify" "O' moon shining in my eyes My treasure trove I idolize" "Like soul to a body, waves to the sea will you crystallize always with me?" "O' millionaire for decades to come Son of our Tamil soil winsome" "I will be like our fellow-follower Our body's shadow forever" "Money even a billion is a pittance A few strings of jasmine more precious" "My morning wake up melody will be anklets on your feet tinkling lovingly" "My ivory doe symphony" "My golden sweet honey" "Oho renowned and rich, my king Midas Leading a life of plenty and prosperous" "When you touch me, it is true I will turn into a golden statue" "Honey bee, my queen bee Like a floral coracle; my beauty" "Come and build your hive in my heart and soul; unify" "I do not ask for a palace magnificent Nor expensive rings on my fingers ten" "Will you grant me this boon as blessing to touch your feet daily as thanksgiving?" "I do not want the wind to applaud me I do not want any flattery of poetry" "If my queen showers praise lovingly that compliment is nectar enough for me" "Rain showering on our land plenteous wealth as name & fame will shower on us" "I will be the single star shining bright to share your success and limelight" "My emperor; a pearl so rare" "My sweet honey beyond compare" "Oho renowned and rich, my king Midas Leading a life of plenty and prosperous" "When you touch me, it is true I will turn into a golden statue" "Honey bee, my queen bee Like a floral coracle; my beauty" "Come and build your hive in my heart and soul; unify" Where are you running off to? 'Saravana' 'My dear son, wait for me' - If I do you'll poke me - I'll poke even if you don't! Stop running, son 'I won't wait for you' 'Don't you have any sense even after watching me suffer?' Just 1 injection I don't care if I die! I will eat chocolates Just 1 injection I feel something is wrong Don't simply act, pa My shoulder is paining Don't try to fool me I won't fall for it It's hurting Appa? I know you, pa Don't pretend you are sick Appa...? What happened, pa? Appa...? Don't scare me like this Get up, pa I'm really frightened Okay, I'll take the injection I won't eat any chocolate hereafter, pa Get up, pa Appa Appa! Appa, I'm worried Kathir! 'Father...?' Uncle? Why is he lying on the ground? Uncle? - Appa - Uncle He isn't breathing! AKKA...! - What? - Your husband has left us, akka! Hey! What are you saying? Come here, quick He is lying unconscious He fell down once like this earlier My dear! Oh gawd! Oh my dear! My husband! Aiyo! Oh God!! You abandoned me like this, my dear Aiyo! Call for an ambulance She has got her contractions! Please bear the pain Oh gawd! Appa 'Appa!' SIR! Please take a look, sir My brother-in-law has left us, sir Sir has come to see you, uncle Uncle You have left us orphaned here [cries of a new born] Oh my God! How can a new born baby be diabetic? The baby is born with Type-1 diabetes because of the family history One of the problems we are unable to diagnose during pregnancy - Is the working of the pancreas - Yes The number of children born with diabetes has escalated in recent times According to the data by World Health Organization A survey of countries afflicted with diabetes shows America, China and our India competing to head the list! Though diabetes is a hereditary condition Our diet, lifestyle, mental stress ...are reasons for diabetes too Diabetes can be controlled with a set way of life Right in the beginning Otherwise patient has to resort to tablets and insulin This treatment is very expensive Many poor people are suffering unable to afford insulin In fact some of them are not even aware they are diabetic Some even die Is there no medicine to cure the patient from this condition? 'Sugar level was too high My leg was amputated, sir' 'I am unable to move my limbs' 'Both my parents suffer from diabetes' 'We have to come once a week for dialysis for my mother-in-law' 'Dialysis is as terrible as suffering in hell' 'We are not blessed with children because he's diabetic for many years' 'New born baby has been diagnosed with diabetes' 'All the children gathered here suffer from juvenile diabetes' 'Lifelong dependent on medicine' 'My mother died without even telling any of us she was diabetic' 'I've lost 1 kidney' 'My wife lost her eyesight totally' 'I've lost my aim and ambition' 'Doctors say my 2nd kidney has been affected too' 'This is a sweet suicide!' I came back to my roots wanting to serve my people But I was confused as to how I can serve them The loss of my dear friend has shaken me up completely Now it has triggered a clarity in my thought process If a person is diagnosed with diabetes He or she is stuck with tablets, insulin, dialysis They have to be resigned to being treated lifelong We have to manage and live with diabetes Diabetes should be cured with just one drug I intend discovering one such magic drug 'I will use my education, knowledge, perseverance, proficiency' 'And find that magic cure' That is my first duty to my people and this world Very good, Saravana The world will celebrate you as the son of this soil You will achieve your goal for sure Your determination and self confidence will definitely make your dream come true Go ahead, Saravana "Eureka! Yeah, let us push it higher" "Right now, you can light the fire" "Move on, yeah We can reach together, Astro" "Turn it up, now Yeah, this is our future" "Let's go, yeah, we should never tire" "Stand up, you can go inspire, Maestro" "Break it down" "Sleepless nights" "Time to rise" "Eureka! Yeah, let us push it higher" "Right now, you can light the fire" "Move on, yeah We can reach together, Astro" "Turn it up, now Yeah, this is our future" "Let's go, yeah, we should never tire" "Stand up, you can go inspire, Maestro" Turn...turn Don't look here - Okay...okay - Close your eyes My eyes are shut tight Don't look at me Okay, dear I can't look at you, huh? First fix my hook Are you ordering me?! Okay...okay - Listen, dear - What? Nothing to worry Do you want pretty ducklings? Why would I need ducks? We have ducks all around our bungalow anyway Or...um...do you want A little scientist? I am myself a well-known scientist Why would you need another scientist? Hey! You are such a dumb head! Hey! I want 1...2 No, 3...4 5 ducklings 5 baby scientists I want 10 altogether, okay? Fat hopes! Tastes good but don't know what I'm drinking - Boss - Hey! You? - How did you land here? - Boss I'm your ALA, boss Sounds like MLA? Assistant to Lab Assistant I'm myself an assistant How can I have an assistant? Yes, boss, please assign some work for me What have you studied? I read 'Kumudham' just now I have 'Ananda Vikatan' to finish You have an overdose of SK! What is SK, boss? K is 'kozhuppu' means excess temerity - S is- - I got it, boss Let's go Boss, give me some work to do - Feed the rats to the left thrice a day - Okay, boss Feed the rats on the right 6 times a day a day Why 'day-day'? Today and everyday You're playing with words like a Scrabble expert! But is it my job only to feed them? No, the rats will pee You have to collect that too How will I know which rat wants to pee when, boss? Watch your watch When they pee, catch it Boss, you are an avatar of Thomas Alva Edison! 'Thangam' What is this, man? [Malayalam] Why are you giving my work to that man? Don't you realize this is a very important job? - I do - So just feed the rats Understood? I understood good Are you from Palakkad? Bingo! And you? Graveyard, right? Kerala border Marthandam I know to speak a little bit in Malayalam What is your name? Tattered 'jatti' No, Krishna Kutty [Malayalam] I don't feel comfortable here I would prefer to meet you in my room We can chat freely I have some work to do See you, I'll be back I saw your back! 'Idli' cooker! Show me your face What is this? Your face is like a Sangam age urn unearthed in Keezhadi How did that damsel flip for this? We are both Malayalis from Kerala Don't make me a murderer! Tell me the truth A priest in Kerala gave me an amulet I've tied it around my waist That charm is working, boss - Will you get me an amulet too? - Of course I will - What is the name of that seer? - Kunjuni His name sucks! Ask that man to change his name legally I can't stand that name! Makes my skin crawl 'Thangam' Me...? Of course you Boss, she is calling you to her room Come, dear Go, my dear! O' my darling! Hereafter my Chief Minister is Pinarayi Vijayan My director is Gautham Menon My hero is Mohan Lal But my heroine ...is NOT Nithya Menen Not Lakshmi Menon Sundari Menon You my beauty is my heroine He's always in the lab day and night tied to his research He doesn't get enough sleep Neither does he eat properly Yes, doctor, he doesn't allow us to eat or sleep either! Saravanan is always like that If he takes up a responsibility ...till he completes it he'll forget the world We all know Genetic modification engineering is his home ground It's a cake walk for him! Yes, sir If we modify PG-2 protein found in fat tissues I feel diabetes can be controlled, sir Diabetes isn't a single gene Because it is a polygene it is slightly complicated 'I have faith in my work' - I will get the breakthrough - You will! When doctors were prescribing diabetic patients to eat 6 meals a day You asserted diabetes can be controlled with 3 meals a day You were the 1st to present such a paper The whole world accepted it I'm very proud about it Doctor? Oh my! This is taking me years back Isn't this... ...sweet pretzels? Yes, doctor Akka I love these native snacks Gentlemen, the reason insulin is being supplied worldwide without a hitch We have neatly divided it territory wise amongst ourselves And we do our business with due diligence Even if Asian territory was exclusively marked for me When I was asked to part with China I gave it up for Mr Chang with utmost magnanimity [Ukrainian] After these too [Ukrainian] Your OJO laboratory is the biggest one You are the best! That isn't the point now Messing up my business Some bad elements are conspiring to snatch Middle East from me I won't sit quiet twiddling my thumbs! You got it? [Russian] We won't allow it We are happy with this assurance That's always there, VJ [Russian] Joke of the day He invents a cure for diabetes? Look at this Hear the name He is from your country So what if he comes? When he struggles to the top and raises his head We'll tap at the right spots to knock him down Hey! Come back...come back Scientist Saravanan His meddling hammer Nailed me in my coffin and took years for me to hold my head high again Antibiotic Requirement Test Using this concept We can find out the dosage of antibiotics a patient needs Precisely So consumption of antibiotics plummeted drastically Antibiotics manufactured by OJO Laboratories Tonnes of it was wasted and had to be trashed Therefore we suffered a loss of $ 6000 million Thanks to this insulin business that is keeping us afloat After tumbling and stumbling, OJO holds its head high today I won't be surprised if we face danger for this too thanks to Saravanan! Doctor...doctor We got the lab report Everything is positive We have got this report as per our expectations, sir This report is positive too, sir [Malayalam] Sir, this result is consistent Wow! 'We can't brush him off as ordinary' Saravanan The most dangerous scientist Yes, our efforts have borne fruit Keep an eye on this chap Keep an eye without fail Unblinkingly The medicine is working now Stage 1 is a success Yes! Congrats, sir - 'Tell me, Gopi' - News from Saravanan's lab, chief He has made a breakthrough in his research on diabetes it seems He has succeeded in his test on animals Isn't his elder brother Pugazhendhi your classmate? Go and pay him a courtesy call Hi Pugazhendhi My dear sweet idiot! What a surprise! What brings you here? All due to my concern for your brother What does that mean? A few people hate the fact he is succeeding in his new research Stop it, my friend Ask him to stop his research Why should we invite unnecessary trouble? Is this some kind of joke? Do you know his research will be acclaimed as a global achievement? Is global recognition important to you? Or is staying alive your priority? I swear I'll- Saravana, what is this? What, I say? Trying to threaten me? 'What is the use of getting angry with me?' Do you have any idea the kind of medical mafia that is active behind this? Cash in billions has been invested in this If you put a spoke in his wheel will he let you off so easily? Don't forget there is political influence too I am just a messenger - After that- - Hey! Gopi Tell the one who sent you here My brother is not a single man He has an army behind him We will sacrifice our lives If need be we will take others' lives too You can prevent him in any which way you like My brother will see this research to its successful end You happen to be a friend Just turn and go back - Go - Cool...cool! Fate doesn't spare anyone "Saravana's fireworks skyrocket fast" "You become his feast" "Like cotton candy pace, his punch is a blast" "Hip-hop base Don't come close" "The legend will now take a class" "Smashing times ahead, let's go" "Into the arena steps a new don He's the king to reckon from now on" "Our master is here to defeat you Try and make your fist speak, dude" "For a face off now and here who has the guts without fear?" "He'll make you scream & scatter Make you panic, run helter-skelter" "Blast" "Roast" "Feast" "Kick-ass, buddy" "Blast" "Roast" "Feast" "Are you ready, buddy?" "Blast" "Roast" "Feast" "Kick-ass, buddy" We anticipated this antagonism But I didn't expect them to send thugs to attack us like this No footage has been recorded in any CCTV in our college This has been well planned I know some people are against my research, pa But I didn't expect them to play dirty like this That's why I kept the progress of my research under wraps But Mr Desikan impulsively announced it to international media This is the reaction to his announcement We have no choice, pa We have to face these reactions 'After our temple festival I'll talk to the Center in Delhi' 'Doesn't matter about the expense' This year, we should celebrate the temple festival in style - Yes, sir - Not only that, my brother is here It has to be splendorous We perform these prayers to ensure our people enjoy the celebrations Whatever our people wish for let us fulfil them with pomp and splendor Sir...my lord! Our Kumudha from Thiruvarur is floating on a dream cloud thinking of you 'Our master who went abroad has returned, my dear' 'Will he dance with you?' 'Or make you dance to his tunes?' Let's see Hey! Beat it, man! "Best 'halwa' sweet to savoris in Annakudi" "USA returned scientist is from Andipatti" "Come to Vaadivasal, dear Lord & master is dancing here" "Just you and I will be dancing to his tune gaily" "Come to Vaadivasal, dear Lord & master is dancing here" "Just you and I will be dancing to his tune merrily" "Splash turmeric water religiously all over your beau auspiciously" "With coriander's fragrance luring me to sing and dance" "Kith & kin, lads and lassies" "Friends and families Thallakulam fair ladies" "Here she comes, papaya fruit Glam-doll nimble-foot" "Is it a color movie your cinema so groovy?" "Lure this beau's heart, sweetie?" "Come to Vaadivasal, dear Lord & master is dancing here" "Just you and I will be dancing to his tune gaily" "Splash turmeric water religiously" "All over your beau cautiously" "With coriander's fragrance" "Luring me to sing and dance" "O' master with a doctorate from USA" Okay "O' studied in USA, this scientist with a doctorate to his credit" "He spins in a circle dizzy studying every shy lassie" "Sugarcane bundle from Dindigul With satin soft sweet lipped girl" "Come, my dearie Draped in a red silk sari" "Don't try to act smart with me" "Don't try your cheeky antics on me" "I am coming to Vaadivasal The lord is dancing in a festival" "Look! You and I will be dancing to his tune gaily" "Splash turmeric water religiously all over your beau auspiciously" "With coriander's fragrance luring me to sing and dance" "Shake and sway, move, darling Get up and groove with a swing" "Shake a leg or two, girlie Foxtrot, tango or boogie" "Get up, sister Hey...hey...minister" "Attractive and awesome My dear cashew, come" "Best 'halwa' sweet to savor in Annakudi" "USA returned scientist is from Andipatti" "Even Columbus scientist has an extra long wish-list" "Betel nut & betel leaves wait for 'chunam' to meet and mate" "Simmakkal's jasmine pure white Jaggery coconut sweet delight" "Eyes like candy kamar-kat Do you know that?" "Do you realize my body Electrifying rhapsody?" "Do you realize I am head to toe like an electric current in full flow?" "Come to Vaadivasal, dear Lord & master is dancing here" "Just you and I will be dancing to his tune gaily" "Splash turmeric water religiously all over your beau auspiciously" "With coriander's fragrance luring me to sing and dance" "Splash turmeric water religiously all over your beau auspiciously" "With coriander's fragrance luring me to sing and dance" "Splash turmeric water religiously" "All over your beau cautiously" "With coriander's fragrance luring me to sing and dance" Aiyo! Little Meenu 'I want that kid' That's easy Driver, stop the car You want that little goat Meenu, right? Your wish is my command, just watch Catching you...wait and watch My little beauties , come - Hey! - Catch...catch Don't make me run Catch...catch Don't let her go 'Achacho!' Hey...hey! 'Look over there' - Wait...stop - I'm stopping Doctor sir, you should be enjoying 'biriyani' in a feast We can take care of all the running, catching, killing Why do you want to exert yourself? Sit in the car and relax We'll get the goat for you This is like the deer Goddess Sita asked Little Meenu my wife Thulasi asked I'll catch you now Catch...catch its tail - 'Come that side - Hey! Grab him' Catch it So damn frisky 'Hey...grab it' Catch it Gotcha! - Soooper! - Thulasi is waiting for you My precious kiddo Let's go home Come, my little Meenu How did the car leave without me? Hey! Sir...! SIR! Sir Sir! We never imagined such a tragedy will occur Thulasi THULASI! Saravana...Saravana Brother, get up - What happened? - Saravana Look at this, madam - Saravana - Look at my Thulasi, anna Oh my gawd! Appa, don't go there Balaiyah Balaiyah Thulasi 'In the bomb explosion in Arumuganur' 'Scientist Saravanan's pregnant wife from Pooncholai village' '...was burnt to cinders at the crime spot' 'The police have set up a task force to conduct a thorough inquiry' 'The leads-' 'Find out where I am' Hey...hey! 'I am here...here' 'Not there Turn...turn' 'You are quite close Come soon' What are you doing here? 'Here...here' 'Aarthi' Uncle, won't our aunt come back to us? We had bought a teddy bear for the baby Anna What are you doing? 'Uncle' Give it to me, uncle My heartfelt gratitude for all that you did for me I can't understand my Lord Muruga's antics 'I am unable to comprehend' I've lost my daughter If I continue to live here It won't be considered appropriate I'm leaving Where will you go? I'll go somewhere Balaiyah You belong to our home from when you were a teenager What is this, uncle? Don't compel me Every minute I am here Memories of my daughter keep flooding my mind I don't know how to thank all of you From the day Thulasi became my wife I think of you as my own father But you don't seem to share the same kinship If you think of me as your son Please go inside now Lord Muruga My dear...dear son The good Lord has tested our faith in Him Why are you teary eyed now? Grandma Random people occupy space here and live comfortably in this house Poor man, he's a man of simple needs I was worried he may leave us Thank God, Saravanan persuaded him Come, Saravana Appa I want to go on a holiday for a few weeks I can only see Thulasi all the time and all over this place 'I need some change, pa' I understand, my son You need this time off Good idea, Saravana Time is a good healer Look at God's screenplay! When we have a peg or two ice cubes will be missing There is ice all around us, 360 degrees But booze is missing Why aren't you letting me drink? The task we came here for - Isn't done yet - What 'task'? Send me in a passenger flight Don't send me as a corpse by cargo Spell it out in a simple way so I can understand We have come in search of him Who is he? His name is Munna He's a professional killer He can kill anyone anywhere all over the world with a fool-proof plan He is in this city now What is the link between a scientist and this gangster? He is the culprit who killed my wife - 'Yes, Munna' - I have a happy news for you, VJ Share the news I'll decide if it is happy or otherwise That scientist has come in search of us to our own den I'll reduce him to ashes and mix it in the river You mean Saravanan? 'Scientist Saravanan Murdered' 'This will be tomorrow's Breaking News' This, I promise you, VJ I want it as headlines If my wish isn't fulfilled Your photo will feature for all to see in a road corner as an obituary flex board Hey Munna! Today I'll go, man I'll close that scientist's chapter today Saravana, you keep walking I'll buy some fruits [Hindi] My love-ly Do you know Tamil? Little...bit Hah! A girl who knows Tamil Let me recite a Tamil poem and hook this 'Kashmir apple' An orchard is selling fruits here, hark! 3 dots and an exclamation mark! Get lost, you son of a dumbo! Is Tamil cuss word spreading like wildfire? 'Sir, I'm the manager speaking from IBIBI bank' I'll catch the damn fraud! Hey! 'Tell the 16 digit number on your credit card' Read out all the numbers one by one Along with the expiry date Let me tell you your expiry date! Who are you, sir? How will you know me? You do your fraudulent dealings only over the phone Total Tamil Nadu is looking for you Why do you have so many phones? I'm HR of Customer Care Hey! Lout of a left-over You swindled 1.5 lakhs from my account I'll forget even that What couplet did you quote? 'Learn thoroughly what should be learnt' And having learnt it eat 'dahi puri'! Where is 'dahi puri' in a classic Tamil couplet? If you don't like 'dahi puri' replace with 'pani puri' You pork curry! I'll make mincemeat out of you Goddess, help me! 'Hey Thangam!' - Saravana - What is this? He's the fraud who swiped my credit card clean of 1.5 lakhs You got tricked and then why are you thrashing him? Hey...hey! Split lip-lout! Don't you dare trick anyone in Tamil Nadu I was born with a cleft lip split up to my ears! But please take care of this naive idiot He is wet behind his ears If you get caught by my gang, you are dead meat, scumbag! Gang, huh? Do you know him? - Munna? - What, ah? Munna! [Hindi] Hey brother! Come...welcome Did you come in search of Munna? Munna...? Munna? He isn't here Munna...? He wants to meet Munna it seems [Hindi] Lunatic! Beat him to a pulp "Drop the base" Where is Munna? "Drop the base" "Nonstop human" Tell me now Where is Munna? 'Hello, scientist' "Take some more" Who sent you? I'll confess...I'll tell you I'll tell you Yes, Munna Contrary to what you think he isn't an ordinary man, VJ The more we attack he keeps coming back Shit! That's tea for us Tamilian and tea are inseparable Thank you so much No, it's for our first customer First customer? What is this, I say? We are 2 valiant men standing here He's serving tea to an old hag in a shawl! "Hello, doctor Tell me what's the matter" "I can give you what you need" "I'm so hot that snow will turn to water" "Madhu ma Madhu ma Madhu ma...mita!" "Madhu ma Madhu ma Madhu ma Madhu ma Madhu ma Madhu ma...mita!" "Madhu ma Madhu ma Madhu ma" "Call out my name and I will be there for you" "Madhu is here so tell me what I can do" "Madhu ma Madhu ma Madhu ma...mita!" "Madhu ma Madhu ma Madhu ma" Did they spike her tea? She seems high [Hindi] This is for you Hey! Thanks Oh my God! Saravanan sir I can't believe my eyes! The world famous great scientist in Manali That too in a roadside tea stall Is this really you? Sir, I'm Madhumitha I'm a student of microbiology 'I studied in IIT, Kanpur' Aren't you an alumnus of IIT, Chennai? - Hmm? - Yes I've watched all your interviews I've read about you Amazing! 'Your speech Your research!' Wow, sir My research is also in DNA modification You're my mentor, sir My role model Can I shake hands, sir? You boosted yourself with 2 cups of tea We are yet to take out first sip If you let go of his hand he can drink his tea Oh! Sorry, sir I'll click a Selfie with you, sir Oh! I'll get my phone Saravana, rather than dying of any illness more people have died clicking a selfie! Therefore...escape! "Mitha...!" Sir...surprise again If you don't mind Can I join you? You'll sit here if we say 'yes' or 'no' You'll join us if we like it or not, am I right? Sir, I read about 'eating philosophy' First look at your food Relish with our eyes The food will be lukewarm by then Then Smell it Like a crow? Laugh without any inhibition Open our mouth and talk nonstop Eyes should exchange messages 'And so on' I have a problem, sir Not just 'a' problem? You have a lorry load of problems! Tell us, dear Whatever I appreciate I will share with others Whether they appreciate it or not Sir...sir...sir This mood doesn't suit you, sir Speak without bottling up your thoughts You will feel light hearted Sorrow in your eyes will vanish! Stop it Step aside, I have to go Why are you avoiding me, sir? Look, you are crossing your limits Don't advise me Just being cheerful and exuberant won't set right everything This is my personal trip I need my privacy Don't disturb me Get lost! You were innocent in your approach But he walked away in a huff He isn't such a serious type for you to worry about him Meet him in August You'll be flabbergasted by his act His heart is scarred now I am well aware of his loss "Words of love to me you whispered lovingly" "This left-behind heart of your lover is searching for you all over" "Do not lose control Don't lose hope, my soul" "Glided into my life on a full moon night" "You stood as far away as a star in sight" "I stood here on the ground Daily longing for you all alone" "Will I get a girl like you in my life who is world's best wife?" "To quench my thirst if I request will the clouds shower rain in earnest?" "Will the skies open to nurture and nourish scented flowers on my land that I cherish?" "When will I see my one and only? You come and tell me voluntarily" "Words of love to me you whispered lovingly" "This left-behind heart of your lover is searching for you all over" "Do not lose control Don't lose hope, my dear soul" "I live right inside you in every nerve and sinew" "I lean against you with my heart beating true" "The world is a blue sky expansive" "I am your only moon exclusive" "God's nickname is mother true" "Love's pen name is you" "My feet lost in waves magically" "To continue my journey I want only you beside me" "Words of love to me you whispered endearingly" "This tiny heart with love & care is searching for you everywhere" "Without a hug from you, my dear this heart won't be satisfied here" "Glided into your life on a fullmoon night" "You stood like a shining star in sight" "I stood here on the ground Offering myself to you alone" "Will I get a girl like you in my life who is world's best wife?" "To quench my thirst if I request will the clouds shower rain in earnest?" "Will the skies open to nurture and nourish scented flowers on my land that I cherish?" "When will I see my one and only? You come and tell me voluntarily" [Hindi] Uncle, pass the ball Catch Give me the ball Hey! Munna? Munna Tell me Who sent you? You can hit me till your hands ache You won't get a single word from me Did you think he was a novice scientist playing with a pipette and a burette? I swear I will- He will tell us I'll make him tell us - Come - Coming Saravana To lose control of your senses in any predicament ...is not a wise man's virtue, Saravana To act rashly on impulse or to take revenge Ordinary men react this way You came here on an impulse The man you wanted to hunt down is dead too No point in prolonging your stay here Sir, Munna is just a weapon There must be a don above him, right? Shouldn't we know our enemy? What will you do with that knowledge? It's a very big network International medical mafia 'It's a chain link that's never ending' Whom will you take revenge on? How many will you kill? An ordinary person cannot destroy this network Only an avatar can help! I will, sir I will transform into that avatar In this avatar My intelligence is my weapon The success in my research ...will be the worst punishment I'll mete out to my enemies Good, Saravana I expected this from you That's the spirit I've set up a modern lab in Chennai for your use I would like to work as your assistant in your research, sir Please...please...please 'Congratulations, Saravana' - I wish you all the best - Thank you, sir Revelry is bubbling over like a beer bottle shaken up, boss - Our next research- - 'Good morning, doctor' Hi, VJ What a surprise! - Vanakkam - Good morning Congratulations I'm here as an uninvited guest It's a significant inauguration - Shouldn't you make it a grand affair? - What is the need to do so, Mr VJ? I am just a common man I'll just continue my research based on my education, that's all If you come into the limelight with your scientific research, social service Looks like you can't experience your sorrow in solitude Mr VJ Is this a left handed compliment or- 1 second Provocation is also a kind of encouragement I heard you went up to the Himalayas looking for your enemy? We can detect the enemy in front of us, in the blink of an eye The enemy behind our back If not today, I can identify him tomorrow But a coward of an enemy who sends a messenger We have to go on a witch-hunt Does 'forget and forgive' hold good in this instance? Pain isn't only if you hold your enemy by the cuff of his neck and hit him I know now where to hit for the pain to skyrocket! He said this man is a scientist His punches are flying in mid-air like WWF! So you are ready for a face-off! This blow of mine now ...will be a dead-ly one! After that, my enemy can never get up on his feet - 'Madhu? - Sir' - 'You have to receive Dr Venu Pappu - Sure, sir' Who is our guest? Scientist, Professor Dr Venu Pappu He's a great scholar We haven't met him But we have read a lot about him He has visited every city on earth He has lectured in every university in the world In short, he is a 5L Johnny Walker! He has reached our floor Welcome, sir It's a pleasure to have you Thank you 'She is the right Miss Right for me' Pah! She beats a pure bred horse hollow! 'I must dance with her to my favorite 'Arabic Kuthu' song' All white coats come forward How come, they are so nimble on their toes? Looks like they've passed 'NEET' exam! 'Let me wave my magic wand' My name is Dada Pet name, Animal supplier Dada Look, girl I have a steady supply of species from cockroaches to wild buffaloes They sleep only beside me From earthworms to exotic snakes Even mosquitoes that die when swatted I have all living beings which have 5 senses But 1 condition Either unique or almost extinct animals and those barred by the Govt ...will never be supplied by the office of Dada - Even for a million or more - No! If you are okay with this condition my supplies are in my van parked outside I'll release them in a jiffy What do you say, sweetie? Madhu, who is this? Where is Dr Venu Pappu? You 'Dangamari'!! 'I am not worthy of all this' Why the hell didn't you tell us? Did you give me a chance? You were staring starry eyed at me We can chat in the canteen, go Hmmm...go - Dada - 'Sir?' - I like you, da - 'Same to you, sir' You and your company are as important as my entire team here, for my research You are part of my team from today Sir, I'm just a photocopy You are always the original, sir Then, dude, is our party a pool party or tan-party? I haven't killed anyone so far Don't go to that extent, sir I'll get the animals ready for you 'I didn't see you coming, sir' Sorry, sir Insult! I never anticipated such an insult 'I didn't anticipate your arrival either, sir' My fault to have signed this assignment! Is this how you treat a senior scientist? Climbing up and down 4 floors I'm sweating, my knees are trembling Sorry, sir Unexpected mistake on our part We were waiting to receive you Please welcome, sir 'She's rushing to butter you up!' I'm extremely sorry, sir Please accept our apology I take the blame for this 100% He is cool now like a hand inside an insulated icebox Sir has cooled down So go back to your work of poking upturned frogs! 'Research is not child's play' Research needs plenty of brain power Intense research like this on diabetes Not as easy as eating a slice of papaya! This is pancreas It is a small appendage behind our stomach in the left abdomen It consists of 2 parts Head on one side and tail on the other It is the same coin Here the stomach empties partially digested food into the intestine We are interested in the tail part Only in the tail is the duct secreting the insulin we need On this pear shaped pancreas are a cluster of cells They produce and secrete hormones These cells are called Alpha, Beta, Gamma and Delta We need to focus on Beta cells They secrete insulin Only when an issue arises here diabetes pops up its head Beta cells are produced 8-10 days after a baby is born 'When the mother stops breastfeeding' '...beta cells stop growing' 'In the case of babies breast-fed for a longer time' 'Chances of being diabetic are very slim' Our research is to change alpha cells into beta cells Reprogramming from the beginning So if beta cells are increased More beta cells more insulin No diabetes That's right Dada, what is this? Sorry, sir, to think this face deserves these coolers! This will suit you perfectly Why, sir? - Not looking good, no? - You are Mr Handsome - Me? - Yes Complexion or features are not important Your true beauty lies in your pure golden heart You are a true legend, sir I'll keep it, thank you Sir, there is no side effects We have crossed the lab test and animal test successfully - 'Feels good to hear this, Saravana' - Thank you, sir 'What are we waiting for?' 'Let's move to the next stage' Next stage is human test We need a volunteer 'So we need a chronic diabetic patient' - 'Right?' - Yes, sir Where will I find a volunteer now? The risk is high in this test Agency slammed the door on our face Everyone is running helter-skelter Hey 'butter' Solo-cribbing session? Dada...dada, I want a patient to volunteer I'll look for a patient for you If I can't find, I'll get my brother VTV Ganesh And make him lie on his tummy! - Okay? - Okay When I arrive in style no one will notice my grand entry! Sir...? Get down Dada who is fit only for a share-auto is stepping out of a Rolls Royce He has lured someone Perumal agency owner Vasanthan Perumal I'll reduce my sugar level and fly to Bangkok! He can't even walk and he wants to fly it seems! - Is that true? - Why will I lie? - Your poor wife! - Why drag him into our life? You and I will fly sky-high He is our volunteer Hello, ma'am Welcome, sir You are in for a daily dose of bitter-gourd juice Saravanan sir, I've heard a lot about you Sir, he is known for his humility 10,000 people work for him He has 400 branches He has high sugar level too Shouldn't lie to a doctor Thank you so much for the faith and respect you have placed on us A volunteer for human test will show a slight hesitation generally But you have given yourself to us with 100% faith in us and zero doubts Your trust will never be a wasted effort Your contribution to our research will turn out highly significant Daily he is reborn, sir If your medicine can cure him my heartfelt gratitude and blessings We have to complete a few legal formalities You need to sign our Volunteers form and No Objection form Yes, please go through these forms and then sign Brother-in-law Let's show it to our advocate and then you can sign Won't a person's eyes tell you his honesty and integrity? I can sign countless forms trusting him 'Super, sir' Don't let your bro-in-law run your life, he will ruin it Sir, I volunteer by trusting you 101% Thank you This is the formula J drug we have discovered We will administer it to you now We believe 15 days from now ...insulin secreted in your body will be equalised - Okay, sir - All the best Continue, sir Vasanthan Perumal, this is like a regular injection Tablet? - Here, sir - Okay Yellow, green, they come in all colors Injected all over my body fear has also Vanished! My body has been punctured If you find a miracle cure why would I need this daily? Living on veggies and greens I'll have horns like a cow! Maaaaa! This is a balanced diet for you, sir It will unbalance me! Sir, if you get cured soon you can eat anything you want If you speak positively often to me I'll be motivated and less bored 'The 'parotta' you asked for' 'Salna', enjoy and go to an early grave! I have been tasting this, right from when I was in my mother's womb I wanted to be born only after I master the art of eating this No wonder you are diabetic - Hey! - Eat It looks mouthwatering! Onion well chopped Tomatoes finely diced Everything is standing apart! - I'll mix it altogether - Doesn't know to relish this 'You add good deeds to your credit instead' Noooo...sir! - No, sir - Let him enjoy No...no...no - Where is my 'parotta'? - Cow is grazing - My booze - That's for tonight How can you give this to a patient here? You are feeding the wrong mouth! Did I lose out on one serving? Doesn't matter I can relish thi- Idiots! Who bought this? Er...'parotta' Suri I'm Yogi Babu, sir Munishkanth asked and I bought it We are into intense research What irresponsible behavior! - This is my last warning - Okay, officer Perumal sir Perumal sir! Oh my God - Immediate oxygen - Sister, please Get the CPAP right away Call the specialist team Right now Aiyaiyo! I lost my kickback Thank God! He is alive Patient has slipped into coma Coma...? This is such a sensitive research You've been utterly irresponsible Shame! Mother Goddess! Akka, come We'll close his chapter What happened to my husband? My brother-in-law was like a brave lion In the name of research, you killed him with your drugs Nothing of that sort His trust in you was as strong as a mountain 'What happened to him?' 'Take us to him I want to see my husband' His body was reacting favorably to our drug He responded very well We are worried sick about him You are rattling away in English 'Beat him to a pulp!' My God! Are you okay, sir? Our drug is the right cure for diabetes We were successful with Phase 1, Phase 2 No side effects even in animal test 'What? Injection for animals?' Hey! Flour-face! You turned a millionaire on his stomach And now rave about the goat and its crap! Whaaat?! Be calm This research is for the welfare of the people What happened is a small obstacle My brother will set it right - Continue to trust us - To become dust or what? My sister is traumatized Pelt them with stones Hey! No...no...no Don't hit us We are scientists 'Scientist...my foot! Use this slipper on him!' 'Scientist Saravanan's research has taken a backseat' 'Business tycoon Vasanthan Perumal has slipped into coma' 'Medical council has sent a notice asking for explanation' I am positive my drug wouldn't have caused this I sense some conspiracy behind this No one has understood you We can't blame them Their anger is justified Loyal employees of any boss are bound to react like this What are the two up to all alone in there? 'What joke would he have cracked?' - 1 + 1 = ? - 11 Did I ask you to solve a sum? 'Look what they are up to' They are busy kissing passionately Why are you excited? Wont you act according to your age, eh? Very interesting "The cat is not inside an elephant The pot is not inside the cat" "No dear beau in a pot hiding Nor is the beau Rama the noble king" "No sack on the nail stack Or any ladder on the sack" "No queen perched on the ladder Neither is there a feast for her" "Hey scientist! Hey scientist!" "Darling, search me through for your research true" "Fit as a fiddle is my gym-body" "No whip nor mischief will scare me Come, fiddle with me from A to Z" "I know you are ready to R&D me Then why pretend to act like a baby?" "The cat is not inside elephant The pot is not inside the cat" "No dear beau in a pot hiding Nor is the beau Rama the noble king" "No sack on the nail stack Or any ladder on the sack" "No queen perched on the ladder Neither is there a feast for her" "When I am sunbathing happily will you apply sunscreen on my body?" "When I get drenched in moonlight will you be my steam of delight?" "The world needs my service true Maybe one lifetime won't do?" "Selfish of you to take that too Won't your conscience prick you?" "No guilt, no pricking I am a thornless rose sapling" "I am a firecracker of sweet desire One glance from you, I'll be on fire" "Inside an elephant" "The cat is not inside elephant The pot is not inside the cat" "No dear beau in a pot hiding Nor is the beau Rama the noble king" Oh...okay...okay...okay "No sack on the nail stack Or any ladder on the sack" "No queen perched on the ladder Neither is there a feast for her" "Hey scientist! Hey scientist!!" "Search me not, lady for your research randy" "My gym-body in soulful rhapsody" "Both whip and mischief, I hate Off you go, you no soul mate" "With your feline nails you scratch my back Then stare at me with your baby-face blank" Sir, you both have good chemistry What chemistry? Sir, you are a scientist So is Madhu Think about it Combination will win awards! - Best...best - What are you blabbering? Madhumitha is my student She's working as my assistant, that's all I can't dream of anyone else in my heart except Thulasi 'What do you mean?' If you blabber like this with your fertile imagination I'll turn you on your back and crucify you instead of my rats 'Get lost!' On our poor back, huh? Save us! The mobile eatery chap is sloshed So is the chap driving a flashy car Unity in diversity! Hell...hello...lift? Please...lift Where do you want to go, bro? - Where are you going? - Tambaram I'm going to Pallavaram If you drop me in Pallavaram I'll get you 2 discount coupons for 'Aadi' Sale in Saravana Stores Don't lament, get down Hey! Get down - Okay, sir - Go You've brought us here like a group tour Is it a nonvegetarian feast? They will give you 'beeda' after the feast You can spit it on the man opposite you All you should do is only inhale and exhale - Why, sir? - No talking First serve us your gourmet meal We'll hold our breath after we relish it Not me, sir He's the hungry man! I didn't say so Give him a good thrashing He has been torturrrring us 'Brainless bozo! Why are you hitting me?' Dr Saravanan, would you like to say anything? I don't have anything to add at this juncture We haven't got the biopsy report When we get it ...we'll know the reason behind Vasanthan Perumal's comatose state The whole world is now ridiculing Indian scientists Press and Media are having the time of their lives deriding us We can zip all lips if we announce a ban on Dr Saravanan's research We can't accept this decision suggested by the Council With 100% cooperation from the patient and written permission from his family We carried out this human test Claiming to cure diabetes you dangled a carrot and killed the horse! No...no...no 'You shouldn't insult him like this' This is a council of literates Dr Saravanan is a renowned world famous scientist He has a 100% success rate in all his research so far To comment in a demeaning way of his dedication to science I cannot accept it When we have adhered to legal procedures You can't control his work by suggesting a ban on his research Okay, Venu Pappu We won't ban his research But in order to complete this research We need a volunteer for human testing who will trust him 100%, right? Who will come forward? I'll volunteer, sir He means the world to us He is our beacon of faith 1000s of people Are willing to give, not just their body, but their life, for his research If they can't be used to protect his dignity What use is our body and breath? Uncle, I'm ready Me too My strength is the faith they have placed in my labor of love That unshakable faith will never be a wasted effort I am a law abiding citizen I will never violate our laws When my research bears the fruit of success The world and our people will realize the truth and integrity behind my work 'This isn't self glorification' It is for mankind My humble request to this Medical Council Give me another chance I have signed for various reasons on a daily basis I consider it an honor to sign my permission for your research God help me You'll be alright Don't worry - Saravanan - Yes, doctor You see, according to the reports She's significantly improving That's great Rapid improvement is evident in our patient 'Dosage of tablets can be reduced from twice a day to once a day' Please eat That's all, huh? Only 2 tablets for the whole day He is Vasanthan Perumal's brother-in-law The black sheep Now it falls in place Bro...? I'm bored of being 'benami' to my brother-in-law When will my sister's husband die? When can we enjoy life to the fullest, huh? That's why, we put a spoke in his wheel! We poked my brother-in-law's eyes using scientist Saravanan's own hand! Minor task, major happiness Celebrate your victory, scientist I'm scared to stay even in 5 star hotels They fix cameras even in the loo Are we safe here? The entire compartment has been booked, chief 'Men sitting outside guarding us' From now on, seize the moment Enjoy every second! SIR! Scumbag! Tell me Don't hit me What drug did you administer Vasanthan Perumal? - Tell me - Yes...I will Don't hurt me Back-stabber! - What, man? - What is this? Looks like Ali Baba's cave 'Have we come on a tour? Ali Baba's cave or Gingee fort! Shut up! - Baahubali...save us! - Me? Bad enough we are lambs for the slaughter Don't rub salt on our wound! Move I think he wants the pain balm 'Moov' - Broke it? - Your thick skin broke the needle Are you a man or a boulder? Look at the man creating a ruckus behind me - Madam - Tell me, da - Why are you injecting us? - To stay alive - Really? - Yes I got a double dose He gets 2 daily - Chapter closed! - Closed, huh? "Epitome of illusion, my fantasy" "You are my dream, my desire, my fancy" "My mirage illusive You are my magic elusive" "My day dream My lifes theme" "You flowered as my fascination" What is it, darling? My precious prince! 'What are you looking at?' Come...come "Come, my prince of happiness" I'll take you to your father 'Okay?' "Run into my arms, my statuette of bliss" "Sculpted masterpiece praise worthy " My darling little prince "Price of my tears, come to me" Look here! This is for you Vela, come here "O distant horizon, come near" "One who lost you is inviting you here" "My beacon of light, come near" "I am trapped in this darkness of fear" You look like you're from an affluent family 'How did you end up here?' 'Aiyo! Meenu kutty' Catch...catch She's having labor pains Lift her...quick! Take her to the hospital Ammaaaaa! Hurry up! Come...damn you! Don't shout Sir, DNA report has been altered We made everyone believe Thulasi is dead "Little prince, you were born like misty dew at dawn" "My heart smiled with a joy uncurtailed" "If sunset sky's hue perceived can be sifted and sieved" "My dream of love & care will float over there" "A body can be burnt or buried" "But not the seed & spirit embodied" "Clouds can spread or scatter" "But the cloud-laden sky is forever" "O distant horizon, come near" "One who lost you is inviting you here" "My beacon of light, come near" "I am trapped in this darkness of fear" "I am opening my heart true-blue" Sister? What, baby? "I am giving all I possess to you" "Fruits that flowered swell Flowers bearing fruits as well" "Search for their master desperately" Please show my baby to me VJ, our scientist has an heir now "Epitome of illusion, my fantasy" "My dream, my desire, my fancy" "My mirage illusive My magic elusive" "My day dream My lifes theme" "Epitome of illusion, my fantasy" You don't need medicines or insulin any longer You are cured completely Don't thank me, dear Thank the Almighty 'HURRAY!' 'An Indian scientist's mega-discovery!' 'One medicine to cure Diabetes completely' 'A tremendous achievement in the medical world' Immediately register in FDI When we get their approval we can patent it Definitely, sir Congratulations, Dr Saravanan The entire world was waiting for this day - Am I right? - Definitely Thank you As an Indian, you have achieved what no other nation could accomplish - You are very, very special - Eggsactly! Hereafter you will be living in a separate island With maximum facilities and worldly comfort Like a king ruling his kingdom I didn't get into this for name, fame or my comfort & conveniences I started my research on this wholeheartedly believing my theory I was successful in finding this drug all because of God's Grace Drug? Money, Saravanan Solid cash Not just breaking the ceiling of your fancy bungalow Money will fall in your lap from the heavens Dollars, Euros, Pounds Rial, Dinar, etc etc Money from whichever part of the world will be piling at our feet Am I right? Of course! We market even the most mediocre drugs with expertise and ease If we get all this, it's a real treat Like 'halwa' from Tirunelveli - How will we let go, boss? - Come, Saravanan Outright purchase or partnership I'm fine with either deal We can market this miracle cure to the entire world You're asking this without knowing the background of our boss, VJ He's born with a golden spoon He won't flip for money or your lucrative offer Sorry, Mr VJ You and I are poles apart in our basic intention So many people are suffering from diabetes here They can't afford to buy medicine Each day is a struggle in their lives I want my drug to be of use to such underprivileged people They should enjoy a disease free prosperous life You are a genius! Golden heart Lofty ideals! Saravanan, you're really great! But this nation does not celebrate intellectuals like you You only come across pollution Traffic Crowd...noise Do you want to live in this turmoil as one in a million? Saravanan, this is how our nation will treat you This is my motherland My people Every single person living here is part of my family My joy is in co-existing with them The defects you pointed out will change in the course of time We deserve to lead a better life - Am I right? - Right...right! Every alternate sentence you speak You are asking if it is right, Mr VJ Your mind set is wrong Your planning...wrong Your desire Your avarice...wrong You are totally wrong! 'Hey Saravana!' I'm telling you like teaching a pet parrot What is in your mind? Tell me Not now, I am always of the same mind set I will make this drug a national property I want to distribute it free of cost to the poor and needy That's my boy! This is...my Saravanan Sir...surprise! Welcome, sir Extremely proud of you Thank you, sir Saravanan is priceless! How did you think you could fix a price to his head, VJ? You are a FOOL! Love, affection, kinship, friendship This is Saravanan's world Tree snake...bronzeback tree snake has conquered the peak of intrigue Your world now Lies at our feet Saravana I have gone old You came from some remote village At so young an age You accomplished this extraordinary feat The whole village has placed you on a pedestal But you made me one of your lackeys! Don't you feel sorry for me, Saravana? I guided you like my own son What am I asking in return? Give me the formula you discovered so I can earn name and fame I'll feel proud announcing to the world that I discovered it, right? That's all I'm asking, Saravana I don't want these insignificant titles of doctor, guide, researcher 'No need at all' I need intoxication Getting high, drunk on fame The great contribution for the mankind From the great scientist Desikan That's all, Saravanan 'What else I want?' Sir Do you realize, sir? Even now I refer to you as 'sir' Supposing you had asked me this yesterday I would have given it to you wholeheartedly But now you have revealed your true colors to me Every nerve and sinew in your body has turned into poison I considered you as a family member More than my father, I regarded you as my guru and my mentor But you have turned into a traitor and stabbed me on my back, sir Even if I forgive you for this Tomorrow this world will punish me too for the crime of forgiving you! Someone like you, sir You don't deserve to be called 'sir' Even the shadow of a traitor like you is not qualified to fall on me As long as I live You are a despicable human being I don't wish to set my eyes on You are my foot! Saravana sir? How did you come here, sir? - Dada?! - I feel terrible seeing you here What are you doing here? Don't ask me, sir I wanted a lift to Pallavaram Scumbags! Brought me here Are you serious? Something sinister here People, rich and poor are imprisoned here and they inject some medicine to kill them - They are testing illegally? - Come I don't swallow the tablets I hide them in my pocket Come Tiffin time They eat for 1 whole hour, sir Let's sneak in before that somehow Come He is good at sleepwalking! Come...come on Good morning Look, he didn't even reply! This side, sir, 4 of them will be seated around a CCTV screen They won't look at the footage They will be looking at reels [overlap of voices] Look at all of us, sir 1 second, sir Look over there My dear Thulasi Ye...yes Thulasi? Please show your child to our master Yes We have a son His name is Velan He is just like you Little scientist - Where? - Vela? - Vela? - 'Vela?' 'Vela...?' Did you see Velan? Vela? Hey! Go and look for him He may be out somewhere 'Where are you?' [siren blaring] [overlap of voices admonishing] Hello Mr Scientist Is this your lab, huh? To take your wife back home as soon as you reunited with her? 'This is our area, our lab' I don't wish to beat around the bush Let me come to the point You know the diabetic drug you have discovered We want it in our hands People will have access to it just as you wanted But It costs money 'That's all' Your drug cured diabetes 100% All the medical suppliers in the market who have been selling drugs for diabetes ...will automatically disappear the moment we set foot in the same arena Give it, sir Otherwise our OJO company will be the first to vanish into thin air The entire production of J Formula will be carried out ...only in our manufacturing unit As if we will consume the medicine we manufacture here It will reach the people just as Saravanan wanted The production cost will only be Rs 50 We will sell it for Rs 5000, Rs 50,000 You can even add a couple more zeroes! We will be world's #1 millionaire within 24 hours you know I didn't find this medicine for it to be converted into cash This tablet should reach every diabetic patient free of cost What a noble thought! He is spinning a yarn skyscraper-high! I will not allow anyone to make a fast buck in between I will dedicate this labor of love only for my countrymen Do you know the situation you are in right now, Saravanan? Cowards! What can you do to me? I am willing to sacrifice even my life to my people and my country Bingo! The pain of losing money cannot be felt by a rich scientist like you, Saravanan sir Madhu...?! Madhu This scientist is going quack-quack about his homeland Like these quacks selling home remedies Speak up, Madhu If you give the green signal we can start the next treatment Madam, just signal with your eyes I'll make him cough up the formula with a few stinging blows from me Saravanan sir You should know my full story You are responsible for my father's death The reason I am standing in this state now It's because of you My father was Asia's #1 pharmaceutical king His empire was razed to the ground because of your damn research Do you expect me to zip my lips and watch you doling out free medicine? What is this, Madhu? Are you one of them too? Not also-ran! I run this operation Only me 'The day you discovered Antibiotic Requirement Test' 'The day our OJO Laboratories sunk to depths of despair' 'Appa...?' Dad...? My elder brother has taught me the ropes of the game No banyan tree can perish without sprouting its aerial roots! I am there for you When you started your research on finding a cure for diabetes As a student in a way I felt happy But as the heiress to OJO Laboratories 'I couldn't stomach it' We tried so hard to stop your success in your research But with your continuous passion and perseverance ...you were hell bent in winning against all odds That's when we changed our game-plan Human brain doesn't work when we panic and we are flustered Instead of this growing fear our insulin business will be wiped out Let us make Saravanan find a cure for diabetes What if OJO Laboratories manufactures and sells it? Ahaa! This is melody to our ears Of course But how is that feasible? He bounces back after every attack! Let's change our strategy I'll be the new weapon in his game - Madhu - Wait Untie me The reason OJO is able to hold its head high today My uncle VJ Desikan uncle is my dad's best friend Many a time I've been spellbound by your intelligence, aptitude and talent In fact I almost fell in love with you Nonsense! All the activities of your company are illegal You've changed this life-saving noble industry ...into a life-taking lifeless industry You catch hold of a man and make him prey to a disease Then you administer a cure and test if it is working effectively or not You sell it and mint money Is this your profession? Is this your dream? Is it your mission in life? There are diagnostic centers in every road in every town Multi specialty hospitals in every nook and corner One in 4 shops is a medical store Is this a land for humans to inhabit? Or a place for patients to suffer? The main culprit is medical mafia like you You have destroyed so many innocent lives for you to prosper with ill-gotten gains You are answerable to all this Stop it! 'Amma' Saravana, your little scientist He is cute indeed 'Amma' Hand over your formula Baby scientist will be alive and grow up ...to find the cure for the next disease, right? Vela...? 'Amma' Velan Velan is my heir Lion cub I'm not a scientist now I am a father, man Oh gawd! "Saravana's fireworks skyrocket fast" "You become his feast" "Like cotton candy pace, his punch is a blast" "Hip-hop base Don't come close" "The legend will now take a class" "Come on" "Come on" Smashing times ahead, let's go "Into the arena steps a new don He's the king to reckon from now on" "Are you ready, buddy?" "Blast" "Roast" "Feast" "Kick-ass, buddy" I know only to make people live I have never taken their lives Thank your stars I'm letting you go Did all of you get caught asking for a lift? Come, I say Let's crucify them Thulasi...? Vela? 'My little prince' 'Vela?' Appa! 'OJO Laboratories, a multinational medical firm' '...has been shut down and sealed permanently' 'The human test conducted en masse secretly in the premises' Mr Perumal, you are okay Good 'Dr Saravanan's Formula J has been endorsed by World health Organization' 'His rare discovery-' Dr Saravanan, I'm very proud of you May your noble sacrifice and patriotism serve as a sterling example to our people You are truly a LEGEND! Thank you, sir My service for the welfare of our people will continue subtitled by rekhs subtitled by rekhs calibrated at APInternational "Achacho! Is the sea bubbling, bountiful? Catamaran bonded with yacht beautiful?" "Is the lamp's glow cool and resplendent? Has the sun in the chimney lamp risen?" "Mind urged? Heart surged? Has jaggery in wasabi merged?" "Baila, the folk melody Peacock sings in rhapsody" "Bunny rabbit a-prancing 1000-wheel train a-racing" "Whistle o' whistle ear-piercing" "Special o extra special treat Puffed rice and sugar sweet" "That level...amplified That level...magnified" "Even tiny ants are kings inside college Blowing their trumpet; on a rampage" "But the students here Sparkling gems so dear" "Benches served as drums neat" "Fingers 10 as sticks to beat" "Talent has exceeded academics indeed" "A skinny chick not today's hottie" "Boys don't realize she will be Miss World tomorrow surely" "Even a butterfly before it could fly for a few weeks was a caterpillar ugly!" "Bunny rabbit a-prancing 1000-wheel train a-racing" "Whistle o' whistle ear-piercing" "Special o extra special treat Puffed rice and sugar sweet" "That level...elated That level...elevated" "Eyeing a glam-doll, o' wow! The sun fans to cool her down" "Nonstop singing at its peak Sore throat, can only squeak" "Love means, buddy Lavish satin-soft melody" "Different level...altogether Ultimate level forever and ever"