Can they see us here? - Are we in the image here? - Yes. It's great. - Are you ready? - Yes, almost. Did you bring the new pictures? Alexey, please... It's always the same. You know how it is. Veročka, don't you want to join us? I don't want to be in the photograph. My dear, please join us! I don't want to be in the photograph. Oh, look where we are here. - Lovely Yalta. - Yes. And here, isn't this Pyotr? Our dear little cousin. Always with this lost look on his face. Look at him. Have you heard from him lately? Don't you know? He went to some valley in Switzerland where only watchmakers and farmers live. That's where Pyotr has become an anarchist. - An anarchist? - Yes. Have you heard about their ideas? It's like communism, but without a government. Yes, they want to build a federation and to decentralise power. Creating local forms of self-governments without the concept of a nation. Without any central source of power. Unlike Marx and Engels, who wish to establish a centralised form of power after the revolution. Maybe it is also a question of territory. We imagine a territory as the area of a state or a nation. But for anarchists, it's just a place that we live in together at any moment. But I don't understand it either. Not really. Which concept will win? Anarchism or nationalism? What do you mean by winning? Poor little Pyotr. Once, I ran into him in Moscow, in a park, in Sokolniki. - Really? - Yes. He was sitting there all by himself staring at a photograph, a portrait. You know this secret spot behind the birch trees? There is a bench. - Next to the little river. - I know where. He was just sitting there, alone, looking at the photo. I sneaked up on him and asked him who the woman in the picture was. He told me that he had bought it on the streets of Paris. Apparently, the woman was a clan leader from... Papua New Guinea. And this clan leader cut an English officer's throat because he had tried to kiss her. She was executed, of course. The English hanged her. Poor, poor, Pyotr. He fell in love with the picture of a dead person who he had never even met. Yes, but at least he fell in love. Attention, please! Try to hold still for 20 seconds, please! UNREST Sorry, excuse me. Good morning. I'm looking for a place called Torrent des Orvets. Yes, that's right behind the sawmill. Yes, that's it. Just walk down the Rue du Midi until the end. Or wait, I can show you a shortcut. So... Why don't you come with me? I'm heading the same way. That's very kind, thank you. We still need to decide where to put the picture in the catalogue. The title with our trademark goes here on top. Centralines, there. So, shall I place it or not? We'll make one without, thank you. In the text, we're not sure about the last sentence: "Nowadays, one cannot imagine a man without a watch in his hand." Sir, what time shall I set for the photograph? Set it to ten past ten, please. - Ten past eleven, please. - Yes. "Nowadays..." And this is great: "a man without a watch in his hand." That's exactly the image we want to convey. Now, we have to make sure that the picture represents this idea, that it's not just an empty promise. Stop, please don't walk into the picture. I got 144 dozen of unrest wheels for the assembly workshop. Didn't you get the instructions? We're photographing the main entry for the new catalogue. You need to take X1 or M4. This means losing four minutes. Alright then, but quickly. Mister, what are you doing? - Good morning. - Rüdisüli, Payard, please. - I need to go to work. - Please, get out of the picture. Clément, are we outside the frame here? Thanks. May I see your identification documents? Certainly. Thank you. Kropotkin, Pyotr. Ah, Saint Petersburg. What is the reason for your journey? What gives us the honour of having you in Switzerland? I'm a geologist and cartographer, and I'm making a new map of this valley. When did you arrive? A few days ago. For this new map, I need to include the local place-names, which don't appear on existing maps. For example this Torrent des Orvets. You may not pass. The road is closed. We are taking new pictures for the catalogue of our local factory. We are in the middle of a sales crisis, on an international, even global level. We have to fight against it. We mustn't let our foreign competitors win. That's it. Thank you for your understanding. Perfect, thanks. Have a nice stay, goodbye. Go get the ladder. But will this really help to sell more watches? Excuse me, sir. Sir, we are ready if you are. Yes, let's do it. 19 seconds. Ms Gräbli, you're about to balance the unrest wheel? Wait a second. Please put it back. Perfect, let's go. First of all, mount the spiral well. This is the heart of the watch. You need to work faster. One minute, 13 seconds. If you seize the spiral from the beginning with half a rotation or even a full rotation, you'll be able to raise your work-rate, and to increase profits considerably for both of us. Ms Gysin. You are setting the frequency. I've just finished the counting. Fine. - Second counting. - Let's measure the time. - Alright. - Let's go. Well in the centre. Thank you, 22 seconds. Good morning. It's late already. - How long did it take you? - 33. It only took me 22. You could cheat a bit more. I worked slowly on purpose. How many can you produce per hour? Five. But next time, we will all work a bit slower. But then they might dismiss us because we don't produce enough. Are you two married? - No. - Me neither. Do you have insurance? The official health insurance of the factory? I'm not married, and only men and married women are covered. But at the S.F.O., you can get insured. What's the S.F.O.? The health insurance of the anarchist movement. Everybody can get insurance there. How much does it cost? Three percent of your daily wage. Then we have one minute 59 seconds. Oh, really. Yes, it's indeed a bit more than we had expected. And then, there is this one: 11 seconds. That's the way to go, that's future. - That's what you meant. - Yes. This really surprises me, but it is of course... - It's great. - Very fast. Very fast, but well... Those 4 minutes 58 seconds, we really need to... eliminate that. We need to find another way. We'll see to that later. Today, we'll walk the whole route again. As well as the alternative route. But we have to measure it. We really have to measure it. So you go ahead now. From B1 to L4. I'm interested in that one. Why don't you go, so I can calculate the total now. - That's another option. - So I can find the total. I can calculate everything together. I'll just wait until you are back. Do you have new photo portraits? I have two new ones. - Do you know these two? - Everybody wants this one. - She was in the newspaper two days ago. - Who is she? No idea, but she's probably famous. A thief? I love criminals. And who is this here? Louise Michel. I would hold on to this one. She's an anarchist from Paris. - Don't you have one double? - No. - Do you know this one? - That's August. I thought the police had confiscated all his portraits. It's worth a fortune now. - Who is he? - August Reinsdorf, a German anarchist. This year in Halle, he tried to kill the German Emperor with a bomb. But he was arrested, convicted and hanged. - He's dead? - It was this year in April. Can I have it? I want it. The Emperor survived. - He's dead. - It's expensive. Why would you want it? You know, there are people who are in love with pictures of dead people and willing to pay a fortune. I want it. How much do you offer? Hello. - I'll go straight upstairs. - Go ahead. I have three different movements for which I need cases. - This is the total diameter? - Yes, must be. - That's it? - Yes. Can you produce a case for this movement? Well, this might cost about four francs per dozen. Now this becomes interesting. I can tell you, we'll skip the first two models. Now we're talking about four francs. - On 17 lines? - Yes, 17 lines. Very well. Look, it's a difficult situation, on a global level. If I don't manage to market my watches for a better price, it will end badly. Let's get back to the price. 85 is impossible. My last offer is three francs 80. You go down to three francs 80 per dozen? Alright. Can we close the deal? With pleasure. - Mr Schwitzguébel. - Thank you Mr Matter. Mr Spichiger, I shall see you soon. Companions: circular letter, 17th of July. The federal committee suggests to transfer 14 percent, which means 447 francs and 36 centimes of the monthly income of the cooperative to the federal committee to support the railway strike in Baltimore, United States. Last week, the section in Baltimore sent us a telegram with the following report: 28 strikers and fellow anarchists in the United States have been shot by the US armed forces since the beginning of this month. Those who agree to transfer 14 percent raise their hand. It is decided that we shall transfer the corresponding amount. Thank you. Just one little tombola ticket for solidarity... - Goodbye. - with the strikers. - Good evening. - We are selling tombola tickets to support the strikers in Baltimore, Belgium, Barcelona. To support the strike funds. Soon this could be concerning you too. 5 centimes. Per piece? What can we win? Photographic portraits. Of ourselves? Yes, of yourself. You alone or with a representative of the anarchist movement. With whom? Will it be with you? I'm not a protagonist. The draw will be held on Saturday at the celebration. The draw of the tombola. There will also be a play. About the Paris Commune. We will reenact the Paris Commune. The Paris Commune? They created a new government. They tried to organise the city and then all of France. They had magnificent ideas. They tried to govern the city according to anarchist principles. Six years ago. In fact, it was the first time, that wages of women and men were equal. But it didn't last very long. Only three months. Then they were all executed. Well... will you participate in our play? No, I'm not a protagonist. Doesn't matter. Well, the tombola... - For solidarity? Are you interested? - How much is it? Five centimes. - Shall we? - Yes. I'll take two, please. Thank you so much, madam. - This Saturday, right? - Yes. - We should go. - Of course. The tombola also takes place at the celebration. - See you on Saturday. - Goodbye. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. - Sorry to disturb you... - Would you like a tombola ticket? We are taking photographs of our town, and you are in the middle of the frame. So I would like to ask you to move somewhere else. - Thank you so much. - Good evening. I must say, I still don't quite understand what you mean by an anarchist map. An anarchist map reflects the perspective of the local population. Contrary to the administration and other authorities. Science must systematically reflect the ideas of the people instead of imposing external ideas onto them. Let's take for example the traditional place-names, the names the people use to refer to their localities. Does everybody know these names, or just the locals? For the moment just the locals, but we might expand this circle with our map. What if some of the names occur more than once? You know, this happens very rarely, especially here in the mountains. Especially not in this multilingual setting. Excuse me, sir, do you want to buy photographs? There are some nice ones. Step aside a little. Come and see. Hello. That's very nice of you, but we are working at the moment. What kind of work do you do? We're making a new map of the region. - Very interesting. - More precise and up to date. Interesting. Why are you doing this? I'm a cartographer. Are you two Russians? Yes. That's very interesting. May I take a picture of you? I could make portraits of you. I'll give you a good price. Because we are Russian? No... more because you are anarchists, aren't you? Absolutely. I'd be delighted to take pictures of you. You might be famous one day. Sir, sir, a donation for our nation. Thank you, here's the tombola ticket, five centimes. Good luck to you, thanks. Here, this is for you. - Stähli! - What is it? Look at this. I can't believe it, it's Rüdisüli. - And this one, do you know him? - No, who is it? Is this you? - Doesn't really look like me. - Well, it's not that bad. - How much is it? - 20 centimes per picture. Where did you buy this? From the photographer Clément, right over there. 20 centimes... A good price. And who is this next to you? Your girlfriend? No, don't you recognise her? - It's Sarah Bernhardt. - The singer? Oh really, you're right. And this is our Director General, Mr Roulet. Director Roulet, not bad at all. We salute you, Mr Roulet. That is a beautiful print. - Who is this? - Victor Emmanuel the second. - Ah, the King of Italy? - Exactly. Now this is indeed a high-quality portrait. This is high-quality? Does that mean it's expensive? - Really expensive? - Oh yes, one franc. - Here we're talking one franc? - Per portrait, yes. How much was this one? - They are 20 centimes. - From the same photographer? - Sir, a donation for our nation? - No thanks, I need to use the telegraph. Are you even Swiss? Maybe you, sir? A donation for our nation? What is there to win? Here is your ticket. As usual, you can win a rifle. - Good luck! - Thank you. Goodbye. Keep it short. Your minutes are as precious as ours. New York, 7600 pieces, 12 francs each. Bombay, 2100 watches of the same model. Hongkong, 3400 watches, model ZJ2113. New orders from the armed forces of Sweden and Brazil. 12000 soldiers' watches and 3500 officers' watches. A total order of 15939 Swiss francs, at today's dollar exchange rate, which is at 2.35. The market is stable. Ms Moser? I got it. 90 centimes, please. The rest is for you, thanks. Thank you, goodbye. Have a good day, Mister Director General. Hello, Mr Roulet. Hello, everybody. Time signal 32 seconds in advance. 12 o'clock! We're good. Perfect. Ladies and gentlemen, have a good day. - Good afternoon. - Good afternoon, madame. I have two international deliveries. One to Chicago and one to Barcelona. Two deliveries, one to Chicago that is 55 centimes per 100 characters. Are you joking? I won't decipher your handwriting. Other people are waiting. Dictate please. - Here? - Of course. - But do you understand English? - Sure. - Ms Moser? - Of course. Dear friend, from Zurich, I have arrived safely... safely in the Valley of St. Imier, in the Swiss Jura mountains. The valley is with no doubt the capital point of the international anarchist rotation circle, introducing anti-governmental and anti-authoritarian tendencies into the socialist cause. Yours, P. K. At what time? I beg your pardon? Which time do you want to transmit to the addressee? Sorry, but I don't understand. There are four times in our town: municipal time, local time, factory time and church time. That's it. I don't care, you can choose. Why don't we use municipal time? Sounds good. That makes 55 centimes, please. Thank you. 1440 unrest wheels. Gräbli, Josephine? Yes? As instructed after our latest tests, the route back to R8 goes via T2, and no longer via X1. Otherwise we lose 20 seconds on average. That's fine, thanks. Have a good day. Have you already done the hand-setting? - Have you checked the bolts? - Yes, I have. Please, take it apart again for the last operation, positioning the unrest wheel. I'll measure the time it takes you to mount the balance-cock. There we go. One second please. And go. 22 seconds. - Have a good day. - Thanks. The factory time is exactly 8 minutes ahead of the municipal regulator at the post office. The payroll is 173 francs, 15 centimes. 173 francs and 15 centimes. Dial production workshop... 1080 hours and 32 minutes. Payroll: 117 francs and 80 centimes. Pivot production, 952 hours and 12 minutes. Payroll: 89 francs and 56 centimes. Inspection workshop: 989 hours and 27 minutes. Payroll: 102 francs and 13 centimes. 102 francs, 13 centimes. Total payroll: 544 francs and 37 centimes. Excuse me, hasn't the salary of Louise Kehrli been increased slightly? Kehrli, Louise... I'm reading here: This week, one working day of twelve hours, 274 pieces. In relation to the previous week's average, this means only twelve pieces more. This increase is insufficient. In total, it's actually less. Well, in that case... And would you please measure the route between A2 and M4? - A2 to M4, ok. - Thank you. Ms Kehrli, is everything fine? I'm coming from the municipal office. Now, I'm a little late because, you know, they use municipal time there. But... here we use factory time. For you as well. I have to report this and subtract one hour. You know how it is. Have a good day. Hello Pierre, three absinthes, please. Coming. - Any news from your brother? - He's better, fortunately. - Say hello from me. - I'll do that. Pierre! Sorry, I can't serve you. Spichiger yes, but Künzli and Droz not. Droz and I not, but Spichiger, yes? Gentlemen. Important announcement: The following individuals are no longer allowed to frequent the local pub. Schmid, Jean, assembler. Künzli, Max, assembler. Chopard, Arthur, engraver. Chopard, Adhémar, engraver. Droz, Michel, assembler. The reason for the restriction: not having paid their municipal taxes. You can keep them. Thank you. This one is on me. On another note. Suggestion by the valley's committee: For the upcoming elections of the Grand Council of Berne there is only one candidate, the director of the Centralines watch factory, Mr Roulet, who has a chance to be elected. We propose that those among us who have the right to vote should not put the name of an official candidate into the ballot box, but an idea: the Commune. Thank you. Companions. The Naples section salutes you. The Salerno section salutes you. The Caserta and Benevento sections salute you as well. Avellino salutes you. The order of our society is falling apart. There is increasing indication that we need new solutions. An anarchist society that organises itself without authority exists always. Like a seed beneath the snow, buried under the weight of the state. Political, economic and social institutions are about to collapse. The need for a new life becomes evident. The nation is a phantom. The real country, that is us, here, at this very moment, together. Sincerely yours, the sections of Campania. Thank you. Please, listen up! Request from the Director General: We would be glad if some of our employees participated in this patriotic ceremony. What are we supposed to do? We are primarily looking for people who could represent the battle. Like actors? No, it's about a battle, not a play. We'll represent the battle of Morat, and we're rehearsing. You could represent the Austrians, you know, the invaders. Burgundians, not Austrians. Are we getting paid? Two francs, 60 centimes. Almost a full day's wage. Not bad, is it? Do we have to speak? No, the Austrians don't say anything. But us, the Swiss, will perform a great battle speech. How do you know how people used to speak 400 years ago? That's not what this is about. That's not very important. Listen to this. This is what they say about this issue in our newspaper: The celebration of the battle of Morat does not deserve to live in our memory. To commemorate such national glory is not the way a society demonstrates its intelligence and empathy. The Swiss bourgeoisie organises a masquerade, pretending to represent historical facts, to distract the people from the original problem: The unequal distribution of wealth in our country and in all of Europe. Alright, well... May I have a look? - Do you need matches, sir? - That's very kind. Thank you so much. - You can keep them. I have more. - Thank you. So, who is in? - Who will participate? - I will. But I want the money in advance. Very well, Künzli participates. Yes, that's great. How much do you have? 1.90 francs. Here we go, 1 franc 90 centimes now, the rest on Saturday. What's this about? Here, the battle of Morat. - The battle of Morat? - See you later. Goodbye gentlemen. I'll take two large ones of the neatsfoot oil. Forty... Thank you. I've had a look at your record, Ms Gräbli. Good performance, you managed to raise your productivity by four percent. Ms Paratte, your work performance has also been sufficient. Now to you... - Thank you. - You can keep them. Now to you, Ms Kehrli. Kehrli, Louise, I must inform you ex officio that your petitions were all denied by the municipality. The sentence for not having paid the local taxes amounts to ten days in the Mügglisberg county jail, at a rate of one franc 11 centimes per day. You'll have to come with us. And by the end of this week, we will take you to Mügglisberg. As agreed with the municipality and the directorate of the factory, you may take your work tools with you to jail. This allows you to work during your stay. This will even help you to improve your financial situation. Here are your pinning tools. - Here we go. - Thank you. Let's get going. See you soon, Louise. - Have a good day. - Goodbye. Thanks a lot and see you soon. Announcement to the citizens of our municipality: Elections of the Grand Council of Berne: Our municipality counts 8237 registered residents. There are 2833 residents with the right to vote. You are invited to participate in the elections of the Grand Council. According to the constitution of Berne, articles three and four. Women, persons younger than twenty years, all people who don't reside in the Canton and foreigners, are not authorised to vote. Furthermore, those who are affected by mental illness and citizens who have not paid their taxes are not authorised to vote. - Droz, Michel. - Max Künzli. Hello. Max Künzli? I'm sorry, but you are on the list. Haven't you paid your taxes? I'm not allowed to let you vote. You haven't paid the taxes. But I have paid my taxes. Maybe too late. - And you are? - Michel Droz. Let's see, Droz Michel. You haven't paid your taxes at all. So it won't be possible to vote, sorry. Come back next time after paying your taxes. We must stick to the rules. Have a nice day. - Nonetheless, have a nice day. - You too. Hello Loosli. Why can you vote? Aren't you from Zurich? I moved up to the 7F tax class. I've had great sales figures. Good morning Director General, good luck. - Good morning. - Good morning, Mr Loosli. - Director General. - Good morning, Mr Payard. Mr Roulet, Director General, good morning. Good luck with the election. Good luck. I noticed that the train stations in Basel and Lausanne were synchronised. With the same time as the telegraph. Quite good progress. - Yes, quite good progress. - It was in the news this morning. I think that's good news. Absolutely, but at the same time... At the same time, there are still some problems with that technology. Just some adjustments. By the way, when will you synchronise the factory hour to the station's hour? - Not very soon. - Why not? At the moment, ours is more precise. And like this, my workers are 8 minutes ahead of everybody else. - Do you want a cigarette? - No, thank you. Let me light it for you. - You can keep the box. - Thank you. - Ambassador Gallo! - Mr National Councillor! - Hello. - How are you? Perfect, what about you? Congratulations on being elected Grand Councillor. Thank you. We still have a few hours ahead of us. How was your journey? We strive to unite, we all are ready to die, in order to serve you. Oh, our mother! Be proud of us, under your banner, we will all depart. We strive to unite, we all are ready to die, in order to serve you. To you, fatherland, Dear Switzerland, The blood and the life, of your children. 2713 francs and 60 centimes have been collected for the upcoming celebration of the 400-year-old battle of Morat, Switzerland's victory over the foreign enemy. Next point on the agenda is the main prize of our tombola. Our dear Director General Mr Roulet has generously donated ten repeating rifles of the newest Vetterli model, with a calibre of 7.5 mm. Without further ado: Mr Roulet, I give you the duty. And the first winner is... number... 77. Yes, here! Congratulations! Are you ready, Mr Clément? I'm sorry Director General, we need another moment. - May I? - Of course. What does it say here? Property is theft. Property is theft. Voters of the upper Valley, Our interests are connected in solidarity with the interests of all working peoples in all countries. Let's not put the name of a person into the ballot box, but an idea: the free and universal Commune. How many votes did they get? 267, I believe. 267 anarchist votes. In this valley alone? That's exactly right. Excuse me, Mr National Councillor, but I have to get back to the Cafiero case. I have an extradition request from the Italian authorities. Mr Cafiero is wanted for anarchist activities. And everybody knows that Cafiero is in this valley. We cannot do anything. It's a decree by the National Council. Well, Switzerland publishes and prints anarchist books and pamphlets. They appear in Italy, and there are assassinations all over Europe. And Switzerland doesn't care? - That's the freedom of the press. - Sounds great. - Don't you read anarchist newspapers? - No. They are much more informative than the civil press. Their telegraph correspondence is very well developed. It reaches all the way to San Francisco, Buenos Aires, even China. Thanks to their network, I was able to anticipate the crisis and save money. - Really? - I heartily recommend it to you. Do you have any news from the ministry of defence in Rome? One second. But we were talking about 8000 officers' watches and 7000 soldiers' watches. Here it says a total of 6000. 6000 is a really good start. Thank you. And don't worry about Cafiero. I'll talk to the Federal Councillor, he is a friend of mine. Very well, that's great. Excuse us, Mr Director General. We are ready if you are. 447 francs and 33 centimes have been collected for the strike fund of our companions and fellow anarchists in Baltimore, United States. Companions, we are going to proceed with the draw of our tombola. The prizes consist of ten vouchers for photographic portraits and three alarm clocks. The first winner is... - 337. - That's me! Congratulations! - Exactly as bad as mine? - Haven't you won anything? I got a voucher for a photo portrait. I don't really know what to do with it. - I got an alarm clock. - An alarm clock? A very useful object. It's high time you woke up on time! How could you live without one? Good question. Actually, I always wake up at the same time, even on weekends. But with an alarm clock, it is more interesting and more modern. Do you know when they were invented? Well, in the form of a pendulum clock, wasn't that quite a while ago? But they used to be massive. Now, they are getting smaller and smaller. Bastard of the industry of the rich. The worker has neither hearth nor home. The worker has no fatherland. Miserable worker, Raise today your hand. Tomorrow we will claim a republic of humankind. And the kings have set frontiers, between the working peoples. Spreading murderous hatred, unchaining vile furies. The bourgeois have their republics, where the capital, the almighty, bends under its despotic laws. The downtrodden labourer is trembling. Silence, please! Announcement of the directorate. We're happy to announce that we succeeded in improving our sales and productivity. Despite stagnant markets, we continue to count on your efforts. Directorate's announcement, attention: Roth Viviane, Vogel Katharina, Paratte Mireille, Gräbli Josephine. According to a member list and this photograph, the four mentioned workers are members of the Anarchist Cooperative. According to paragraph 3, article 6 of the updated factory regulations, such a membership results in unconditional dismissal. The salaries including this week and today for the mentioned workers: 2.60 francs for Gräbli Josephine. 2.40 francs, Paratte Mireille. Vogel Katharina, 3.20 francs. Roth Viviane, 1.80 francs. - Thank you. - Goodbye, thank you. Thank you, have a good day. They have only delivered 8000, and we only paid 3127 francs. Do you want a cigarette? No, thanks. You changed the order. We ordered 11000 watches, and you delivered only 8000. Yes, but you didn't tell us that some were intended to be used by armed forces. But in the middle of a crisis, we have to accept all orders. It's about the welfare of our valley. - Otherwise, we have to dismiss workers. - No, sir. You can easily focus on the production of civilian watches only. Armaments are only marginal in our industry. Alarm clocks, for example, have great potential. A brand-new market. That's the new model by Eclipsa. Does it come with a levelled escapement? Yes, it does. What about the power reserve? 24 hours power reserve. It's a great movement. Loosli! What are you doing? That's the map of the anarchists. It's brand-new. This is progress. But everything concerning anarchism will soon be illegal. The municipality is also working on a new map. - If you want, we can have a vote on it. - Why not? Listen up, everybody. Listen up, everybody! Who is in favour of the new anarchist map? Raise your hand. Who is against it? There you are. Gentlemen, may I have your attention please? The telegraph is out of order. That's not possible. We don't know whether it's local, cantonal or national. Maybe even international. But we have a very important commission to send. Yes, it's for our clients in Brazil and Sweden. I need the signal for the time regulator. How am I supposed to set the clocks now? Use the factory hour. It's the most precise. Setting the watches according to the factory hour? You're out of your mind. We need to keep the telegraph time, otherwise we'll have accidents and the trains can't follow the timetable. Are there any other solutions? We could adjust the factory hour according to the telegraph time. Like this, we could keep it. But the telegraph is out of order. We keep the time we are using now. But we need to transfer money to the United States. Isn't there another solution? Yes, there is the possibility of an urgent delivery for 12 francs. 12 francs? 12 francs? - Excuse me, 12 francs... - Yes, 12 francs. Then let's do that. Of course, sir. I need to know which time to set, so please agree upon one. Does it work? I'm not sure. There they are. It didn't work. We have to check the telegraphs of the neighbouring municipalities. So Josephine and Pyotr, you walk to Tramelan. And you take the train to Courtelary. Okay. Alright, can I give you the booklet? - See you soon, good luck. - Good luck. Good afternoon. - Do you have a moment? - Good afternoon. Yes. May I ask you? Are you heading to Tramelan? Yes. Is this for the factory? No, no, this is not for the factory. It's for the pedestrian traffic management of the municipality. Which exact route were you planning on taking? We wanted to take the small crossway. Yes, but then directly or around... - Yes, directly through the forest. - Through the forest. Would you please mark that down on this form? Are we getting paid? Yes, of course. If you return the form properly filled in, and also return this stopwatch in perfect condition, - you'll get 1.80 francs. - That's not much. Well, it's more than nothing. Are the directions included? Yes, they are included. You can just follow the numbers that you'll find on the form. How fast should we walk? Yes, that's a very good question. At the very end of the document, you can note that down. Are you strolling, are you walking at average speed, automatically, so to speak, or are you even in a hurry. So we have that information for our calculations. - Thank you. - It's a pleasure. Goodbye. - Would you like to measure the time? - Yes, let's swap. Shall I start? Good afternoon. Sorry, the road is closed. You cannot pass. Have you seen this man? A certain Carlo Cafiero, an Italian anarchist. - No. - A search warrant was issued today. Have you seen him? And why can't we pass? We're taking photographs of the area for the factory's catalogue, the Centralines factory. Nobody can enter into the frame. Alright. Stop! Stop! 2 minutes 35. I'd say 2 minutes 40. No, it's 2 minutes 35. I think we should take note of our breaks. Because we've already been here for about 17 seconds. We should write that down. What is your profession, by the way? I'm a geographer, I draw maps. What kind of maps? Anywhere, but I've worked a lot in the Russian Empire. Especially in Siberia. How is it there? It's... It's almost like here, but it's vast. I spent a lot of time in southern Siberia. Maybe you know Lake Baikal. It's a very large lake. Where in Russia is it? It's on the border with China. In the middle of the continent. I must say, I still don't know what your job is exactly. I normally work as an unrest wheel fitter, but things have changed now. What does an unrest wheel fitter do? I produce the so-called unrest. That's the balance wheel. Inside the watch, there is the balance wheel, the spiral, the escapement. All this produces the tic toc of the watch. Together, they define the frequency of the system. And the speed carrying the wheelwork. Do you see? There is the unrest and a spring placed upon it. It is attached to the collet in the centre, and on the outside, to the ring bolt. And in order to find the right length, I put the spiral on the bracket. And I try to adjust the speed to the speed of the other movement. So that the swing of the spiral in the rod and my spiral are equal. And when the movements of the two spiral gears are equal, I find the place to cut it. And after having cut the end, I can decide where to put the two cranks in the spiral, you see? Because then, the spiral needs to go through the two pins. Enabling a certain spinning movement, but fixing it at the same time. The movement gets its impulses by the spikes that are triggered by the escapement. Which leads to this movement: taking off and returning. And the pin makes one turn. So the speed is defined by two opposite sides. Do you understand? I think so. Did they change the hour? It seems like it. Anyway, my watch seems to be 3 minutes fast. The telegraph works again. We're back to telegraph time. Ah, that's it! We've gained 3 minutes. Actually, that's a few centimes. I lost some time. - Were you set on the local time? - Yes. - Good evening. - Do you want to buy pictures? Can I see? I know this one. I already have it. - This is Josephine! - Yes. - How much is it? - 20 centimes. That's expensive. There are new ones. I know this one. I've seen it before. - This is the Russian. - Pyotr. Kropotkin. - The anarchist. - How much do you want for this one? 20 centimes as well. I think we should buy both of them, shouldn't we? - It's been a while since I've seen them. - Yes, you are right. Do they know each other? Josephine and Pyotr? No idea. A love story? Maybe. And? Do you want to buy the portraits of Josephine and Pyotr? How much was it? 1 franc each. Each? But that's much more expensive than before. Why so much more now?