E Pictures presents a CJ Entertainment Presentation a dnding.com production Myung Films co-production Give us a brief introduction You can do a one-on-one date here How many Avatars does it have? Male, female, altogether, ten We need ads for the bulletin board... More advertisements, more money What do we get if we win? Don't worry. We have a trip to Bali What's the game title? Who R U? Advertise your product or brand here contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today 2002 Love manual No more lonely days Begin a trip for two to Bali! Coming soon! Avatar menu Create your own name card Do you want to enter the beta test? WHO R U? Get ready... Go! Choose your partner When everyone's excited with the beta test, the supervisor says he leaving... He has a family, you know... Where's he going? The big company he used to work for. Guess they want him back You talk to him, I can't A company with no money, no wages and no supervisor... Everything's falling apart I'd love to smell some money! Hey... it took us 2 years. It's about time we get a sniff! I'm gonna be a strong male, devouring all the small men! And battle the strong till victory! We're gonna make it! We're gonna make it! Everyday, I run to the 30th floor Should I try the 63rd floor? Habits grow on you... My muscles feel stiff without this I'm going to study abroad - Hojin You can't send him like this? You're one tough bitch... You think you're Rocky? Or the bionic woman? You thrive on torturing yourself, huh? You masochistic claustrophobic... Can't you treat your hair better? You're always changing its color Gotta go! Hey, I have something to confess! What? See you later! I'm off on my tour round! ID: Sad Cat (25) I picked my partner by his ID It's the same as my ex-boyfriend's A killer if it were the same guy... The Internet population's 10 million It's statistically impossible I gave him that ID you know What if... it really is him? We're getting more applicants But, we need more catching interviews To increase impact of our ad campaign We need you for our launching ad. No one's better than you! But sir... WHO R U bulletin board Are you opening site with such crude Avatars? More upgrades are coming soon Byulee's profile: Suh Injoo(23), female Why you young chick... Don't you dare anger the master 63 Sea World? Address: 63 Sea World I'm worried about Tori. It's affecting the show His eyesight is getting worse Tori... It bothers you, huh? Not being able to see... The last romantist of the century - Mello You have received a name card Hey! Awe shit... I am the knife. Don't ask, I can stab you. - Byulee Hey, interesting This one's a stabber Unbelievable! Byulee? Please shut close, you stupid old car...! That's what you get for 2 million Won Leaving for the interview? Give me a break! Got the hots for the stabber? Give it back! Feed my motorcycle. Then I'll give it back. See ya! 63 Aquarium Will this work? Aqua's Russian bikini dancers put on great shows Our problem's the lead belt... My tail! Why do we have to work so hard? Are you okay? This way please Excuse me, but is there a Byulee here? Suh Inju... OK, thanks for the interview Excuse me... You were the mermaid... right? You were fantastic! Racy stuff like that on the Internet, and we have a hit If you need anything videotaped, I'm on the 30th floor I need some reaction here... Come on, just this one time! Well it's a so long, farewell to you Do you pay for the interview? Forget the money, are you good with the camera? We'll tape it and show it upstairs Let's do it! She must get out! This is insane! Inju, get out! Inju! Wake up! Jesus, I don't believe this! Will she be okay? She's coughing water out! She's okay! Hey, pull her up! She's awake! Inju's awake! Did you see? I was good, right? - Did you get it on tape? - Yes, I have! The whole thing! You have 0 mail I hope you return as a great coach During a mermaid show today, I almost drowned But, I'm going to succeed Then I can be proud of my work You know I become stronger when I have a goal Good luck to us both! Found each other? Then begin the date I don't believe such love games are realistic if they're on the Internet But... You don't like her, do you? No - See you later - Later, sir Hand her over to me Really? Then use my ID. And my item That was easy Attention! We're similar to Toon Render. But, this has too much reality. See? Byulee has logged in Rodeo St. Apkujong Hi Hi! We're headed for Bali! Go, go, let's go! Quite a fighter Mission, don't stop! What do you do? Music! I love drummers! I'm a drummer! My fans are all over me all the time My fingers are busy 24 hours, 7 days a week Go, you rocker... So friend, what about you? Organized crime For us, physical fitness is crucial We run up the mountain everyday. 249 m above sea level What's your position? Knives! I work with knives Upset with someone? I'll give you a cheap price... Bye! The things I do to keep a partner... Daily upgrades The Mermaid show Who R U friend list: Mello All work calls for play. Log in tonight, 10 pm. OK? Couple game Truth or dare Go back in time with a pill Which time is your wish? Like always, yesterday 3 years ago Dumped by your boyfriend? I was reborn that day So, you're 3 years old? Then here's some facts of life from big brother The world's full of obstacles... Big bro! Relate your first love wounds What dude turned you back to three? You first At first, we listened to this music everyday Everyday? And? As time passed, she became agitated with this ritual She got mad at everything I liked One day, she just said sorry, and left Women never explain why they're leaving you You poor rocker... Now watch me Now opens the gates of truth... Tell me about that day, 3 years ago It was the day I parted with everything The day, my boyfriend told me he was sorry Don't you think 'sorry' is such a cowardly word? And how I hate the embarrassed look... Men often wear that look on their faces Like this guy I met a few days ago And who's this guy? Some game master Like my ex did 3 years ago, he kept asking me if I was OK What a moron... They have the same eyes Titicaca The Titicaca... The highest navigable lake in the world It'll be like swimming in the highest waters of the world I'm going there someday! TEST D AY 20 You seem to be in great shape Thank you for the tape I guess you don't need a diet Guess so You don't exercise, do you? I bet I can take you in one blow D-day! I'm excited! - Boyoung Hip hip hurray! - Claustrophobic girl For the longest time, all alone Never ending loneliness, I could not bear Endless nights, all alone Living in confusion, I'm so worn out Now I want to fall in love I want love Now I want to fall in love Curls should be this wavy I love your style News flash about our last club chair! He used us for business exposure So what? Since we have a new chair. Let's make a fresh new start A word from the new chair I'll do my best! And, first of all, in order to be clear about everything, I want to announce my partner! Porno Queen... Thanks for everything Your support for honesty and courage, I thank you for that Oasis... I officially announce you as my partner! Look, she's blushing! Congratulations! Call me in 3 min. Call! Me! - Boyoung Gather for a group picture Inju? I can't hear you! What? The hospital? Hospital? What're you talking about? What? The ER? ER? My friend's in the hospital... She's been injured! I want to fall in love! Is it true the company's moving... and the supervisor's leaving? The company's moving after the beta test After the move, we'll do some PR work with what's left Upgrade the server and cash will fall into our laps But back payments are piling. We might have to take action How long have you been here? Namhoon and I've spent 2 years on this game, 2 years You think we're a hot shot company? Forget your wages and start focusing on product upgrades You all want to hit it big, right? Just be patient 2 months, and you'll know if the game's a success Part-time work is permitted until then. OK? Awe, shit! I can't believe this! Three things... a man cannot tell his mother No. 1, I killed someone No. 2, I love men! And guess what No. 3 is? Mom, I got a motorcycle! You borrowed money from your mom She took the bike in exchange for money you owe her I'll get you a new bike when I get rich How many hours do we work each day? I can't tell when work begins and ends You'll never get food or money sitting behind a computer Why leave a well-paid job for this? Crazy bastard... Don't you regret it? Well I don't, asshole. Let's get a drink Yesterday, we were chatting all night The bastard... I'm nervous About what? My future, my love life, my integrity! Everything... What? That Internet magazine wants you? Project Supervisor? Nice... When do they want you to start? You know I developed 'Bizarre Japanese' I guess they read it in the papers You think I should go? To the top, I'm on my way The streetlights are bright I am walking through the lights... No, I'm actually running But... wasn't the top right up there? These days... the lights have been going off one by one Here and there, at great speed Karaoke bar! Let's go to the Karaoke bar! No! You go to your magazine, asshole! If you were to leave, I who remain Will spend endless nights, shedding tears You would trust me, you would feel sorry for me But I'll be OK Don't feel sorry for me I'll be OK I'll be OK Don't think you're my everything I may look fragile and immature But I'll be OK I will not fall Go back your way I don't want the love you give As beautiful as you are, as fresh as you look If it cannot be eternal then, so be it I'll be OK Namhoon, you'll be OK, you asshole! We'll be OK! You'll be OK! I want to love someone now I want to love someone Whoever it may be, forever I want to love someone I want to fall in love! It's our first snow! Have a good life, you bastard... Have a great life with your new master! You broke up? You too, Boyoung? A phone! I'm going to settle this! What are you going to say? Am I that ugly? Tree! You... Ma'am! I'm short of 200 Won... What's wrong with you? It's not the end of the world! Is it? Stop crying! Look! Some people are being taken to the hospital! We're standing on our feet! I hate when women cry! Stop crying I say! Hey! Don't you ever cry? When you feel like shit? Hello 63 Sea world homepage A national team swimmer! Athletes' Federation database Swimming (Free-style) SUH Inju Swimming: a wistful bronze 'SUH Inju' 50 m free-style Swimming: 'SUH Inju' A bronze better than gold Athlete's press release 'SUH Inju' accident during training Hearing lost Hearing disabled 'SUH Inju' gives up swimming Asia's star mermaid 'SUH Inju' retires An ambulance has driven by I was once taken to the hospital in one A friend next to me shouted, "We're on our feet, we're OK." But were they really? Be careful friend, life is full of accidents The server's down! Your eardrums will explode Aren't you going to sleep? So now you're giving her the sea? Such endless gestures to impress her, are just a series of lies... OK, I'm a bastard! So sue me You want your own place? Create a special place for 2 Your own place has been made Follow the map to the sea Click the lighthouse! The password's the name of your favorite lake Titicaca? Know the word, 'invisible friend? ' A friend you can never see or call. These are the rules But you must always be nearby, for moral support When you feel like being true to someone, when you have to let it all out, seek that invisible friend I'll always be nearby Didn't you lose a toenail? It's OK... Know what bothered me most when I quit swimming? The will to win Fretting over every 0.01 seconds... Life's not like that though... It's not about winning You... can't wear your hearing aid in the aquarium I know you feel bad for us That's why you're working so hard Yeah The feeling of being a liability... makes me want to hit big This is big enough They saw the video but, turned it down for a new project I guess I'm not mermaid material Try working less, and take care of yourself Need to let it all out? Seek your invisible friend Shasha! You go ahead Where are you going? Good to see you Right! Aren't you going to apologize? It still hurts! I was right, wasn't I? It took just one blow So, what are you doing alone? Caught in your thoughts? Something on your mind? If you do, you can tell your big brother Are you having fun? Do you find the world a happy place? You seem quite edgy today I'm just being serious How about a midnight drive? The Han River is magnificent at night Come on, get up! We'll speed like the computer game, 'Crazy Drive! ' Why are you shouting like that? Chungdam Bridge Do you know how wide it is? 27 meters, running 1.2 kilometers in length